※ ※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

All rights belong to Tappei Nagatsuki, the original author of the Re:Zero series. This is an English translation of the free web novel which is available at:

https://ncode.syosetu.com/n2267be

Translated by:

Nanashi-tan

Proofread by:

Archbishop

Realigned by:

SapphireComet, based on the comp by Archbishop

※ ※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

Everyone currently gathered in the tearoom was someone of exceptional importance.

Emilia: [Even so, it’s surprising that Reinhard and Wilhelm are blood-related. It’s no wonder that they’re both skilled swordsmen.]

Subaru: [It’s natural that you did not know, you had no reason to. If families were based on similarities then people would end up with a pretty big family, Emilia-tan.]

The wooden floor beneath the long table was covered with mats, in the style of a traditional Japanese living room, in front of a long table. Emilia and Subaru were seated next to each other, holding a whispered conversation without discussing anything too significant. They were chatting to calm their nerves.

Beatrice: [Betty is already alert and won’t let anyone try anything, in fact. Subaru can stop being wary and looking at everyone with those mean eyes, I suppose.]

Subaru: [You know I was born with a mean look. I’m not staring at anyone warily. Besides, I know what it’s like to be glared at with cold eyes, so please stop.]

Beatrice was also sitting near Emilia, keeping a vigilant watch. Emilia sat with her legs folded underneath her, and Subaru had his legs crossed, while Beatrice sat with a rigid posture. It was a position she’d taken for Subaru’s sake, although she couldn’t resist fidgeting a little.

Subaru: [In any event, Garfiel’s here if something were to happen. And besides, no one here would act so rashly.]

Subaru’s gaze left Beatrice, whose knees were shaking, and directed his attention toward the corner of the tearoom, where Garfiel was sitting. Although he noticed Subaru and wanted to wave at him, his hand was too busy being caught by Mimi.

Right now, several key figures in the Royal Selection were gathered at the table, while the others were keeping an eye on the situation from the corners of room. In other words, Garfiel and Mimi were sitting together. Hetaro and Tivey were also present, glaring at Garfiel with dark malice.

Joshua was also seated in the tearoom, looking extremely uncomfortable.

Reinhard: [I am very grateful for this hospitality. Felt-sama may be a little late in arriving since she is out in Pristella, but she should be here shortly.]

Anastasia: [Ya don’t hafta be so formal, especially ‘cause ya accepted my invitation on such short notice. Oh, but it’s a strange coincidence that y’all arrived so close together.]

Anastasia took a gentle approach to meet the etiquette-conscious Reinhard. Reinhard raised his head and looked at Julius, who was standing by Anastasia’s side.

Reinhard: [It has been a while, Julius. We last met face to face at the Chamber of Commerce.]

Julius: [Ah, that is correct. I apologize for asking everyone to come in such little time. But it gives me peace of mind to know that you have all kept safe.]

After greeting his friend, Reinhard returned to his seat across the tatami room. If seating at the table reflected the positions of the factions, then Reinhard was seated at the lowest-ranking position. [1] Sitting at the head was the host, Anastasia. Next to Anastasia was Emilia and her faction, and Reinhard, who was representing Felt’s faction, was sitting in front of them. Across from Anastasia was,

???: [It feels like it has been a long time since everyone has gathered like this.]

The speaker, who wore a dignified smile, was a beautiful woman with green hair.

Amber eyes which seemed to contain the very picture of harmony, dressed in a feminine navy-blue dress, giving off an air of nobility. Although, if one had known what she had been like before, it would be hard to see her as the same person.

Emilia: [We haven’t seen you in a while either, Crusch-sama. You seem to be doing well.]

Crusch: [Yes, that’s right. I previously caused you a lot of trouble, so let me offer my thanks. I have also heard of quite a few of the deeds that you were involved in. Upon receiving the news, my thoughts were that those were things only you could do.]

Emilia was not afraid to call out to Crusch, who replied to Emilia in a soft tone. Her old decisive personality seemed to have disappeared along with her memory, and she had yet to recover it. She was no longer a savvy, brave politician, but merely a beautiful aristocratic lady.

If the aforementioned events that Emilia had been involved in were to happen to Crusch’s current self, they would have ended in tragedy, for certain.

Ferris: [Really, hearing people talk about nyou like that was surprising. Eradicating the Great Rabbit and becoming a Spiritual Arts User, who’d have expected that out of Subaru-kyun?]

Next to Crusch, a beautiful girl with cat ears―― no, a feminine young man with a coy manner spoke up. He was Ferris, both Crusch’s Knight and the supreme healer in the Kingdom.

Unlike his incredibly different master, Ferris hadn’t changed in the slightest. It was reassuring, but, at the same time, he remained difficult to understand.

Subaru: [Well, becoming someone who people can rely on has always been one of the biggest goals in my life. As for my contract with Beako, well, it probably annoys you, but my life was in danger at the time, so I had no choice but to make it.]

Ferris: [Even though I gave nyou such a solemn warning? Subaru-kyun would eventually end up overworking his Gate. Without Beatrice-chan, it’ll crack open with a bang, so you’ll have to be especially careful, nyan.]

Subaru: [Understood. And there’s no other guy who can make Beako this happy.]

Although they both spoke in a teasing tone, Ferris’s warning had been serious, heartfelt advice, so Subaru also responded with an equally serious attitude. Dropping a hand on Beatrice’s shoulder, whose face was red, he considered this the tuition fee.

Subaru: [Even so… I didn’t expect Crusch-san and her faction to have also been invited. I was already surprised to encounter Reinhard outside, but now I’m about to spray nosebleeds.]

Ferris: [Ugh. That would be overdramatic. But it is quite a surprise that we’d all coincidentally arrive nyon the same day, though.]

???: [Since no specific date and time was established for the meeting, that we arrived together was the result of estimates—— It is rare for us all to have a chance to gather together, so this is our good fortune.]

That was the last member of Crusch Camp. Sitting next to Crusch was Ferris, who was seated in a woman’s pose. Next to him was the old swordsman, Wilhelm, sipping his tea. He was dressed in the same butler outfit as always, but it suited the image of drinking tea in a Japanese-style room.

Actually, due to the seating arrangements, Reinhard and Wilhelm had ended up seated next to one another. However, that was a most heart-rending scene.

Subaru: [They haven’t even met eyes yet…]

Subaru whispered his observation to Emilia, who quietly agreed. Wilhelm and Reinhard were, as grandfather and grandson, direct relatives, but aside from offering mutual pleasantries, they had yet to acknowledge each other.

The tearoom was dominated by silence, and Subaru, feeling uncomfortable, took the time to think their situation over. The Emilia Camp was largely unskilled at reading the mood, being composed of airhead members who, whether due to their KY-ness[2], nature, or just being middle-schoolers or even children, were unable to do anything in the heavy atmosphere.

It was also hard to forget how Joshua, who had returned after being summoned away, had given a scared “Whaa” upon seeing the situation.

The Astrea Family. The name was so well-known that even Subaru knew a little of their family history. ‘Sword Saint’ was a title that was passed from generation to generation, and the two people in front of Subaru, as well as the previous Sword Saint, formed a lineage of people of such great strength their mere presence changed the battlefield.

Wilhelm’s obsession with the White Whale obviously originated from the defeat of his wife, the previous Sword Saint. Connecting these facts would lead to one question.

——Why had Wilhelm chosen to borrow the power of Crusch’s faction, rather than the power of his own family?

Taking the question further, why had Reinhard not participated in the fight against White Whale?

Wilhelm had said that he had started chasing the White Whale about fourteen years ago. If this had been a problem ever since the Royal Selection had started, then Wilhelm could not cooperate with Reinhard, who was a member of an opposing faction. That made sense.

But Wilhelm had begun his revenge-driven hunt for the White Whale at a time the House of Astrea had nothing to do with the Royal Selection. Of course, then Reinhard would have been a child at the time, and would have lacked the ability to defeat the White Whale. But, considering his later growth, why had Reinhard never sought out the White Whale?

Wilhelm’s sentiments and Reinhard’s thoughts, Subaru had no insight into either.

——He would love to listen if they were ever willing to discuss it.

However, asking directly would be like unscrupulously cutting into an old wound and rubbing salt under the scabs. And although Natsuki Subaru was incredibly curious, he had grown quite a bit in the past year. He had come to understand that if he pressed the topic, people would find him annoying.

Reinhard and Wilhelm, though in hostile factions, were both valuable, talented people who Subaru had a good relationship with. And so, the trust they placed in him was not cheap enough to be thrown away just because of his curiosity.

So, all he could do was hope that someone else would bring it up.

Emilia: [By the way, Anastasia-san, why did you gather everyone here? I think you had some purpose… Right?]

Unaware of Subaru’s worry, Emilia directed a question at Anastasia, who tilted her head with a smile.

Anastasia: [Of course, I have somethin’ I’d like to discuss with each of ya, but, to answer Emilia-san’s question, I had to think pretty hard to come up with somethin’ that’d lure each of ya here.]

Emilia: [We came for the magic stones, but what about the others?]

Anastasia: [Everyone’s got all sorts of burdens and whatnot. Gettin’ to know that is simple… Just, there are also those where ya just can’t understand what they want.]

Emilia: [Those you can’t understand…?]

Emilia crossed her arms, her face a troubled one, though the problem was nothing so difficult. After all, there were those not present, which made it unnecessary to ponder which Camp was the least open to communication.

Wilhelm: [Priscilla-sama and Al-dono were not invited, were they?]

Anastasia: [Those two are completely set on their own path and I wouldn’t even know where to start findin’ out what they’re lookin’ for. To be honest, even Felt-san treats land and money like they’re completely irrelevant.]

Reinhard: [Regarding that point, we’re at Felt-sama’s mercy as to when she arrives. That said, I do wish she would care a little more about those matters.]

To Anastasia, who had admitted that she had left out one of the Camps relatively easily, Reinhard displayed his understanding, expressing the same opinion.

Hearing that, and agreeing only with part of the content, Emilia raised her hand and spoke,

Emilia: [It’s on my mind too, to know about everyone’s circumstances. I’ve been studying a lot, but given my distinguished position, it’s super-duper tough.]

Subaru: [Who even says ‘super-duper’ these days…]

Emilia: [Hmph, Subaru, you meanie.]

After a short delay, Emilia puffed out her cheeks and pinched Subaru’s right shoulder. Incidentally, Beatrice was also pinching his left shoulder, so he was getting his just dedserts.

At any rate, the positions of the Priscilla Camp and the Felt Camp were clear. Then all that was left was the reason, perhaps the weakness, that led Crusch here.

Crusch: [As to why we came to Pristella, it was because Anastasia-sama seems to have some information regarding Gluttony.]

Subaru: [———]

As if reading Subaru’s thoughts, Crusch replied.

Crusch’s words struck Subaru like a bullet, and it was something that he could not overlook. Meanwhile, Anastasia caressed her scarf with a wry smile.

Anastasia: [I wasn’t keepin’ anythin’ from Natsuki-kun, but there’s a matter of priorities. Under these circumstances, solvin’ Crusch’s problems should take precedence. Ain’t that right?]

Subaru: [Gah, gr… shu… fu… F-fine, that’s fine.]

Julius: [I see you’ve grown up a little.]

Subaru: [Bastard, I’m already on the verge of exploding.]

Selling to the highest bidder was the basis of decision-making in business.

Subaru had managed to put the brakes on his fury at Anastasia’s explanation, which was fortunate, since Julius had begun to look uneasy.

Subaru: [Who are you, my parents? On that topic, my dad could beat me up ten times better than you ever could!]

Ferris: [Eh… Ferri-chan is scared…]

Subaru: [Don’t be shaken so easily! Are you scared of your own family!?]

Subaru snapped at Ferris, who had snuggled up to Crusch, but he was joking rather than scolding. On that note, his words about his father, Kenichi, were certainly true, rather than humility or exaggeration.

Anastasia’s reason was acceptable. However, it would be another matter entirely if the information were to be given to only Crusch and not Subaru. Information on Gluttony was crucial to restoring Rem, who was still sleeping in Roswaal’s mansion.

Even though he had accepted the reason, he would not be so easily swayed.

Anastasia: [Even though you’re making such a scary face, you’ll feel more at ease after you’ve heard the full story.]

Subaru: [Then… Are you telling the truth?]

Anastasia: [It ain’t a lie, and I’m sure Crusch’s faction’s got no intention of keepin’ it to themselves.]

Subaru turned to Crusch, who seemed to have some difficulty maintaining a composed expression.

Crusch: [It is only natural. Of course, in order to retrieve my memories, I want the information on Gluttony. However, I also know that Subaru is also determined to defeat Gluttony for the sake of that young girl. Under such circumstances, I have no desire to monopolize the information.]

Subaru: [Crusch-san…]

Crusch: [In addition, the more comrades I find who share my goal, the better. The more people there are working against the elusive sinners of the Witch Cult, the more likely we are to win.]

Crusch, who spoke in a light tone, gave Subaru peace of mind. Her true desire was, of course, to restore her memories and improve her flaws. But that did not come in-between her goodwill toward Subaru.

Holding an honorable nature which had not been dimmed at all by her amnesia, was this woman named Crusch Karsten.

Subaru: [I’m grateful. Thank you, Crusch-san. I will cherish the opportunity that you’ve handed me. Definitely.]

Crusch: [That said, the information is our priority. We won’t concede that.]

In response to Subaru’s determination, Crusch straightened her back and met his gaze.

Of course. They shared a heated competition. But her benevolent smile was out-of-place for this occasion, so she and Subaru smiled together.

The one who interrupted the moment was Crusch’s Knight.

Ferris: [Nyaaau. Seeing Subaru and Crusch-sama like this is really annoying, stop it. Subaru’s such a greedy man. Are the two flowers at your side not enough? Really nyow!]

Crusch: [Ferris, that is not a very courteous thing to say. Subaru is not someone who would be swayed by temptations like that.]

Subaru: [Yeah, don’t say that. Certainly, Crusch-san’s beautiful and very cute, but I have a loyal heart… Although it is split in two right now, but—— owowowowow!?]

Beatrice: [That’s not a very loyal heart, in fact. You should just stay quiet and reflect on what you just said, I suppose.]

Subaru, who’d been trying to agree with Crusch, had his ear caught in Beatrice’s tight grip. His eyes watered in protest, but before he could complain, he noticed that she was pointing at Crusch.

Following Beatrice’s finger, Subaru saw that Crusch was wearing a bright blush, looking downwards. Thinking back, what odd words had he spoken?

Subaru: [Oh no, Emilia-tan, did I say something strange?]

Emilia: [Huh? Hmm, I’m not sure. Subaru, you just talked the way you usually talk to me…]

Subaru: [That’s right. Then what did I do? Holding Emilia-tan’s hand lets me think better, may I?]

Emilia: [Yes yes. Think hard.]

Subaru tapped his forehead with the hand that held Emilia’s, as he cast a gloomy look. Meanwhile, Ferris took the opportunity to whisper to Crusch,

Ferris: [See, it’s like that. Subaru-kyun is subconsciously excessively friendly to everyone he meets and always tries to play a cool and handsome act. It’s like he’s messed up in the head. Don’t pay it any attention.]

Crusch: [Yes, I’ll be careful. Ha, I was a little shocked.]

Crusch placed a hand on her chest with a sigh of relief.

Subaru found this feminine action incredibly cute. Crusch and Ferris, who were unaware of his thoughts, held hands as if making a promise to each other. Anyone who stumbled across this scene would have assumed that they were girlfriends.

Now, everyone had revealed their reasons for coming to Pristella.

???: [Ehhh, there’s a complete set. From what Rachins said, I was supposed to just meet with that older brother and the lady from Kararagi.]

The paper door was thrown open, revealing the girl standing behind it.

She was an agile, pretty, blonde girl with large chestnut-crimson eyes and a crooked smile. Her small face was full of naughty charm and her slim but agile physique seemed a touch more feminine. Just as in the past, she was dressed in an outfit focused on enhancing movement speed, one that also happened to leave her navel and legs exposed.

Felt: [What, surprised I still look this way? It’s only been a year, you know.]

Reinhard: [Felt-sama.]

Everyone slumped their shoulders upon seeing her, and Felt noticed their disappointment. Reinhard, however, stood up to welcome his master as she approached.

Reinhard: [I was sure I left a change of clothes on the dragon carriage, what happened?]

Felt: [Bah! I wanted to go sightseeing in something comfortable. That said, you wanted me to get changed in the hotel, but who’d wear something that looks so itchy? You should know I’m like this by now!]

Reinhard: [That is really just like you…]

Reinhard placed a hand on his forehead, speaking in a helpless tone. Felt, who was dragging the Kingdom’s strongest hero around like a plaything, looked happy to enter the room.

Felt: [Right, and here I am—— I am grateful for your hospitality today and I hope our discussions will go well. There, all done with greetings.]

For a moment, Felt looked as elegant as a noble’s daughter. She gave a naughty smile and mimed a curtsy without a skirt, and immediately reverted to her usual self.

Subaru was quite self-aware of his own disagreement with the aristocratic community, but Felt’s attitude toward them seemed to have worsened notably in the past year.

Felt: [Man, this is a really bizarre building. I’ve never seen one like it before, so I got curious and explored a little before coming here.]

Felt sat down on the mat originally occupied by Reinhard, who moved another one over and sat earnestly next to her. By chance, Felt was now next to Wilhelm, separating grandfather and grandson.

Emilia: [Well, long time no see, Felt-chan. How have you been?]

Felt: [It’s weird to have ‘chan’ added to my name. Anyway, I’ve been well. Nee-chan, you’ve been… a little too lively, no? I’ve heard a lot of rumors about really scary things.]

Emilia: [It’s Subaru who’s been lively, not me. As for me, I’ve been lucky to be saved Subaru’s hard work, that’s all.]

Felt: [Ah! That’s right!]

Upon hearing Emilia’s reply, Felt leapt to her feet with a clap of her hands, her eyes fixed straight at Subaru.

Felt: [I’ve heard a ton of ridiculous rumors about you, nii-chan[3]. I’ve just got to know, how many of those rumors are actually true?]

Subaru: [It seems like you’ve decided that they were all fake before even asking me. Your level of faith in me is disappointingly low.]

Felt: [Because they’re all so wild! I heard that you cut the White Whale in half by yourself, you crushed a Sin Archbishop’s skull to bits with your own two hands, and even the Great Rabbit was roasted and eat——]

Subaru: [I really was involved in all of those, but the rumors have been blown hundreds of times out of proportion!]

If Subaru really had done as the rumors said, then he would’ve been hailed the Kingdom’s hero and probably even have been put on the throne. With that authority, he’d have made Emilia Queen and they’d be ruling together.

Julius and Wilhelm: [——Heh.]

Subaru’s reaction had drawn a small laugh from the audience. The two sources of laughter were from people sitting on opposite sides of the room, Julius and Wilhelm.

The two, both of whom seemed to have felt embarrassed at their subconscious reaction, sought each other out and relaxed when they found someone who had given a similar response. Felt, whose eyes had been darting back and forth in confusion, asked,

Felt: [Why did the old man and the Knight laugh? Me, did I say something strange?]

Subaru: [Everything you said was strange! You gave me too much credit. If I did that much, then I’d deserve a Nobel Peace Prize!]

Although Subaru didn’t fully understand what he had earned, he knew that it was meant to be a symbol of honor. Back when he had been presented with some medals for his achievements, he did not fully understand their actual and symbolic value, so he had never personally felt the merit that came along with it.

In fact, the medals that he had received were quite valuable in the Kingdom.

Wilhelm: [Subaru-dono’s contribution was indispensable during the battle with the White Whale. If he were not there, I have no doubt that we all would have perished. It sounds like an exaggeration, but it is no laughing matter.]

Julius: [The same is true of the battle with the Sin Archbishop. No other person developed our tactics and took command. Were he not there, myself and the others who helped would not have been able to subjugate the Sin Archbishop.]

Subaru: [————]

Overwhelming faith from Wilhelm and Julius.

Their straight-forward support for him struck Subaru speechless. The lively atmosphere left his entire body burning with embarrassment. His face was red from ear to ear, and blood was liable to spray from his eyes at any moment.

Subaru: [N-no, stop it! Don’t praise me so much! The higher you raise me, the bigger my ego gets, shouldn’t you all be clear on that!?]

Julius: [No, not at all. Although it is true that you made a fool of yourself at the start of the Royal Selection, you have proven your worth time and time again. You have more than made up for that disgrace. You absolutely deserve to be commended to this extent.]

Wilhelm: [There is absolutely no need for humility. You have had a hand in accomplishing great things. Those successes would never have happened had you not been present. I will be proud to have shared a battlefield with you until the end of my days.]

Subaru: [——Ah, um.]

So far, Subaru had died in a number of painful, gruesome ways. However, this would be by far the most horrifying. Being pelted with compliments.

Subaru, embarrassed to the verge of death, looked to Emilia and Beatrice, pleading for help. However, the two people at his side merely smiled sweetly.

Emilia: [That’s right. Subaru has worked reaaally hard. I’m truly proud to have him as my Knight.]

Beatrice: [W-well, it’s only natural that he’s so successful, because he’s Betty’s

partner

, in fact. He’s only going to get more and more amazing, I suppose. So it’s a good habit to get used to praising him, in fact!]

The situation having gone in an entirely unexpected direction, Subaru was stricken with panic. Then, everyone took turns speaking.

Reinhard: [Amazing, Subaru. Everyone praises you for doing something amazing, something no one else could have done. I am glad to call you my friend.]

Crusch: [I would have lost so many loyal men without Subaru-sama’s help, even Wilhelm, who has been supporting me to this day. Allow me to thank you again.]

Ferris: [Although you don’t have any combat ability, you never lost heart during the battle with the White Whale. It allowed Crusch-sama to make the speech that changed the tide of the battle. In short, thank nyou very much.]

Anastasia: [Thanks to Natsuki-kun’s information, both myself and countless other businessmen’re no longer plagued by the White Whale’s fog. We got a lot of money out of it. Ya have my gratitude.]

Mimi: [Oooh! Are we taking turns complimenting onii-san? He’s very strong! He’s very handsome! Only second to Mimi! Your turn, Garf!]

Garfiel: [Ya, I dunno what happened, but deservin’ of praise, that’s the Captain. That’s my amazin’ bro. Ya know, like ‘fame comes with the right deed’ and whatnot.]

People were taking advantage of the momentum and piling flattering remarks on Subaru, who was blushing from all the warm encouragement, shrinking and shrinking. Felt treated him with a laugh, baring her snaggletooth.

Felt: [It sounds like they were true, but… it looks like onii-chan’s nature hasn’t changed. That’s a relief!]

Subaru: [You guys, stop it! Everyone’s ganging up on me!!]

After Felt summarized the farce taking place, Subaru could no longer withstand it and exploded. The tension which had originally cloaked the tearoom melted away with the sound of laughter.

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

Subaru: [Ah, damn, my lifespan’s seriously shortened…]

After the fun in the tearoom dissipated, an exhausted Subaru had left for his room.

Everyone had inexplicably showered Subaru with praise, before occupying themselves with cross faction conversations, as if forgetting about their opposition. Of course, it could not be said that no one had any intent of trying to delve into the secrets of the other factions, but most of the conversations were just idle, fun chatter.

Although the candidates could at any moment end up in a confrontation, from another point of view, they were all women of a similar age, so conversation on topics other than the state of the Kingdom came quite naturally to them.

In fact, Emilia had been very much looking forward to having an opportunity to talk with other girls her age.

Subaru: [Well, it could be said that a conversation between Emilia-tan and Beako would be just like that…]

Beatrice: [Don’t bring up her real age, in fact. Do you want to start a war, I suppose?]

Beatrice reprimanded the imprudent Subaru with a sharp voice.

Turning to see the source of the sound showed Beatrice sitting on a pile of quilted blankets in his room, desperately trying to ease her numb feet.

Subaru: [Even though you’re a Spirit, your feet fell asleep. Are Spirits supposed to have circulation, though?]

Beatrice: [Betty has circulation, in fact. Her body is designed to imitate an actual human body as closely as possible, in fact. Betty will feel the pain that humans can feel, I suppose. Upon diving underwater for too long, I’ll lose consciousness, in fact.]

Subaru: [So you breathe, too?]

Beatrice: [Of course I do… Hey, don’t try to sniff Betty’s breath, I suppose!]

As Subaru’s nose approached her, a somewhat-embarrassed Beatrice pulled the quilts around herself. Subaru took the opportunity to flick her numb foot, which felt like it had sprung back to life. Beatrice’s eyes watered.

Beatrice: [That hurts, in fact… Betty’s about to cry, I suppose… Subaru’s a bully, in fact…]

Subaru: [Okay, okay, my bad, my bad. Come here, come here.]

He patted his knees with a wry smile as he sat down, and Beatrice moved from the quilts to his lap. Caressing Beatrice’s voluminous twin-tails hanging from her head, Subaru said to himself, “But then again…”

Subaru: [The interior decor makes it a nice room, and it looks like the staff did their best to match the rest of the hotel… But here are some subtle deficiencies.]

It was probably caused by the fact that woodworking technology had developed differently here than it had in his original world.

The design of Water Plumage Pavilion felt quite alike the design of a hotel from Subaru’s original world, but despite the presence of wooden beams and paper doors, there was a certain something that felt off.

The beds had probably taken many painstaking attempts to figure out, before the designers had decided on laying animal skins on a wooden bed. The feeling wasn’t bad, it was just a slight deviation from what Subaru was used to.

Subaru: [I really can’t agree with not sleeping on the floor just because social norms dictate that blankets have to go on beds.]

Beatrice: [Putting a blanket directly on the floor is poverty, in fact. Betty cannot accept her

partner

becoming a man with no earnings, I suppose.]

Subaru: [I’m always working you so hard.]

Beatrice: [What’s that supposed to mean, in fact?]

Garfiel: [What’re ya two chatterin’ on about?]

Beatrice, who had been engaging in coordinated banter with Subaru, jumped up at the sudden appearance of a third voice. However, her feet were still numb, so she lost her balance and fell into the bundle of quilts on the floor. Subaru quickly reached over and righted her flipped skirt.

Subaru: [Garfiel? Is your adventure over?]

Garfiel: [The midget finally let me go free after spendin’ th’entire day. Beatrice, why’re ya actin’ crazy?]

Subaru: [She’s never been so far away from home before, so she’s super excited! She even had trouble sleeping, isn’t she cute?]

Standing at the entrance to the room, Garfiel laughed hard enough to reveal his sharp teeth.

Because the guest room also had a paper door, Beatrice had not heard it open and was scared at the sudden intrusion. Subaru, on the other hand, was sitting facing the entrance, so he’d seen Garfiel immediately.

Subaru: [So, what’s up? Dinner?]

Garfiel: [Nah, dinner prolly won’t be ‘til later. There’s nothin’ for me to do alone in my room, Captain, and besides, Ottobro still hasn’t come back yet.]

Subaru: [Well, Otto isn’t a kid, so you don’t have to worry too much about him. Even if we incur some debt here, I doubt he’d give us any extra trouble in solving it.]

Garfiel: [Right.]

Otto had left a few hours ago to go settle a debt. Garfiel had no objection to this, since, after all, he knew what Otto was like.

Of course, when it came to asking Otto for help, there was something incredibly reliable about him.

Subaru: [But those are different things.]

Garfiel: [What’re ya talkin’ about now?]

Of course, Garfiel was used to Subaru’s frequent mutters to himself. Garfiel gestured toward the corridor with his chin.

Garfiel: [If ya don’t have anythin’ goin’ on, can ya tag along with me for a bit, Captain?]

Subaru: [Tag along with you? Oh, a bath? A bath, right? You mean a bath? Open air bathing is too good to pass up on. I was looking around earlier, and I found a yukata[4], and the thought of seeing Emilia-tan in a yukata is enough to raise my spirits! They’ve been raised already!]

Although the tatami and architectural style were very difficult to reproduce, the yukata appeared to have been commercialized. Subaru praised those in Kararagi who had been responsible for the spread of

Wafuu

, inside his mind.

However, standing before such an excited Subaru, Garfiel wore a serious expression, one that was somber enough that even Subaru could not continue to joke around. A worried look came to his face.

Subaru: [Garfiel. What’s wrong? Is there something you want to do?]

Garfiel: [No, it’s not really that big a deal, but…]

Touching the white scar on his forehead, Garfiel fell silent for a moment. Then he stared straight at Subaru.

Garfiel: [I just wanted to know exactly how strong the world’s greatest hero is.]

Translation Notes:

[1] – In traditional seating arrangements, guests are ordered based on rank, with the lowest-ranking guests sat near the center of the table.

[2] – Short-hand for

Kuuki (ga) Yomenai

(空気が読めない). Means “can’t read the atmosphere”, in this context. That sort of idea.

[3] – Needless to say, but Felt’s so damn friendly that she calls everyone she’s fond of “brother” and “sister”, like Subaru and Emilia.

[4] – Japanese-style bathrobe, a type of kimono. For more information, see

here

.