※ ※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

All rights belong to Tappei Nagatsuki, the original author of the Re:Zero series. This is an English translation of the free web novel which is available at:

http://ncode.syosetu.com/N2267BE/

Translated by:

Nanashi-tan

Proofread by:

Archbishop

Realigned by:

Archbishop, based on the comp by Archbishop

Art Source:

BangSuTur

※ ※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

Mimi: [I got it~!]

Garfiel: [Noisy, stop sayin’ that!]

The next morning, Garfiel, looking to be in a rather poor state, walked the streets with Mimi.

Giggling, Mimi touched the chest of her robe, which was stained with Garfiel’s tears and saliva. The stench was such that it caused physical pain to Garfiel’s nose. To Mimi, who had the same sharp sense of smell, that stench must have been unbearable, but upon hearing Garfiel’s advice to wash it, she’d replied――

Mimi: [Mmm, it’s fine! After returning to the hotel, I can get a change of clothes~. The lady’ll be really mad that I didn’t go back last night. Oh, and Hetaro and Tivey too~!]

Garfiel: […My bad.]

Mimi: [Mimi isn’t worried about it~! Mimi will only say that Garf’s a very good boy when he’s sobbing and crying!]

Mimi replied with an innocent smile to Garfiel’s weak apology.

On the previous night, Garfiel had both reunited and shared a second farewell with his mother. After being branded by a series of wounds, he had shamefully ended up crying into Mimi’s chest on a rooftop. And, even more embarrassingly, the sobbing had sapped his strength so much that he had ended up falling asleep.

The next morning, while he was still sleeping on Mimi’s lap, he was woken up by a loud voice that could be heard all over the city.

Garfiel attempted to maintain his composure, but it was easily noticeable that he was embarrassed around Mimi, who in turn kept being her normal self.

Having been unable to come up with an excuse, he was chewed out by the owner of the building on top of which he had spent the night, and they went on their way home.

Mimi: [Do you feel better?]

Garfiel: [It’s, you could say, uh… Somethin’ like that.]

Mimi: [It’s like that, right?]

Garfiel: […Yeah, like that.]

Unable to voice his true gratitude, Garfiel frowned. However, Mimi’s attitude did not change because of his lack of words.

He recalled last night, when Mimi had blurted out that she was interested in him.

Involuntarily, his eyes followed Mimi’s figure. Before, he had thought that Mimi was just tagging along with him, feeling a sense of kinship due to their shared non-human heritage. But she’d unexpectedly been following him with romantic intent.

And, even having given her confession, she acted the same as she always had.

Even though he’d done the same with Ram, as soon as the tables were flipped, he felt thrown off. Now as the recipient of those feelings, Garfiel caught a glimpse of yet another shameful weakness.

Mimi: [Well, what should we do this morning? Go to your mother and see her?]

His thoughts having been sidetracked, Garfiel jumped in surprise, both at the suddenness of Mimi’s words and their actual content.

Garfiel: [Wait, what? Why’d we go see her?]

Mimi: [Hmm? Because Reala is Garf’s mother, right? So you should talk properly, right?]

Garfiel: [This midget really can’t read between the lines…]

Mimi seemed to be unaware of the subtleties of their relationship, despite having spotted the most important part of their relationship with pure instinct.

He was put in a difficult position, unable to answer questions about whether they were family or not. Garfiel immediately realized that it was useless to try to explain, and then gave up. And he realized that that was yet another problem.

Garfiel: [‘Tis fine… there’s no need… to let her know that my amazin’ self’s her son.]

Mimi: [Is that really okay?]

Garfiel: [Yeah… Ah, gotta think about whether I should tell sis…]

Frederica was clever. After the initial shock and confusion passed, she would certainly come to the same conclusion as Garfiel, even faster than he had.

And even if she didn’t reach the same conclusion as he did, she still had the right to know of their mother’s survival. But would it be right to have her experience the same suffering as he did?

Garfiel: [There’s still time before makin’ a decision.]

Mimi: [That’s right~. That’s really hard~, Mimi~ doesn’t know her mom either, so Mimi gets it~.]

Garfiel: [Stuff ‘bout moms… ya understand?]

His ears trembling at Mimi’s unexpected statement, Garfiel replied back with a question. Mimi only nodded with a relaxed attitude, prefacing with “Yep~”.

Mimi: [Mimi, Hetaro, and Tivey never knew mom and dad. They probably thought “triplets, raising a super big family’s too hard”, so they left us somewhere~. Then, we were picked up by the Captain, so he’s family, and lady’s family too!]

Garfiel: [――So… ya really do have a big family.]

Without knowing the reason, he suddenly felt that the atmosphere had relaxed as he stroked Mimi’s head. At that moment,

Mimi: [—―Waah!]

Mimi quickly brushed aside his hand and leapt away.

Garfiel stared eyes wide open at her reddened face, as she turned her back to him, emitting a “Uh, uhh” while rubbing her head.

Mimi: [For some reason, ever since yesterday, getting too close to Garf feels weird.]

Garfiel: [Right, sorry… Do ya want my amazin’ self to leave?]

Mimi: [I don’t want that either, something not too close and not too far feels the best~.]

She scrambled next to him with small steps, stopping in a place outside of his reach.

Garfiel frowned, completely puzzled, as Mimi gave her usual smile. Just now, his own face seemed to tinge with a faint redness.

Mimi: [Hey, oh oh,

sowarie

! There’s the

sowarie

! Let’s eat the

sowarie

!]

Garfiel: [Y-yeah, sure…]

As if in a hurry to change the topic, Mimi withdrew the candy bag from her pocket. That was what Reala had given Mimi last night, before they’d parted ways.

Momentarily, a pain like numbness flowed through his chest as Mimi put candy on his open palm. He snorted at the aroma wafting gently towards his nose. That “

sowarie

” was a baked sweet, made by baking bread dough with sweet condiments in it, stuffed with cream and red bean paste inside.

There were two large, round

sowaries

in the box, one each for Mimi and Garfiel, which would serve as their breakfast.

Mimi: [Yay! It’s sweet~! Good! Delicious, super delicious~!]

Garfiel: [Ah, it’s delicious!]

Garfiel voiced his agreement to Mimi’s loud applause.

It was slightly sweet, but not overwhelmingly sugary, and the dough was fluffy and soft. If consumed shortly after being baked, it would’ve been even more delicious. Or was that his mother’s specialty?

In that case, Garfiel could have had more chances to taste it.

Mimi: [Garf~?]

Garfiel: [This really isn’t like my amazin’ self, yeah?]

At Mimi’s concern, Garfiel shoved those wishful thoughts away and walked away. Turning back his back to the place where his mother lived, he returned his thoughts to his friends, who should be waiting for him. Like Mimi, Garfiel had stayed out without permission.

Because of that, he would certainly be severely scolded——

???: [——Hello, hello? Is this okay? Can everyone hear? Meat creatures who can hear, good for you! Worthless meat who can’t, go fester and die, that’d be a huge help for me. Gahahahaha——]

Garfiel: [Ah?]

Mimi: [Hmm~?]

Just having taken a short step forward, a voice suddenly assaulted Garfiel’s and Mimi’s eardrums. The two glanced at each other and looked up to the sky at the same time.

The voice seemed to have boomed from the heavens.

Garfiel: [That voice sounds like…]

???: [Well, well, well, was there any idiot who died from shock right now? If not, well, it doesn’t really matter, but if there’s anyone brave enough to dare to ignore this lovely lady, then, my mood will be ruined!]

Ignoring Garfiel’s emotions, the voice kept speaking at that annoying volume.

The other people walking on that matinal cityscape all looked up at the sky, dumbfounded like Garfiel. It felt like a shockingly loud voice—— but that conclusion would be wrong.

Garfiel, possessing a sense of hearing different from a regular human’s, could tell that this voice was not a loud one coming from one source. Rather, it permeated the entire city, spreading the way an echo would.

However, knowing that would not yield any answers to his questions. All he knew was that——

???: [You boring creatures do nothing but ruin my mood. There’s no value here at all—— You’re all just garbagegarbagegarbage! If all you’re thinking of doing is having that disgusting breath, thinking those disgusting thoughts, and drooling your way through life, it’d be much better if you just plunged your head into a ditch and drowned! Please go die soon, please, I beg you! Gahahaha!]

——The owner of this voice had the vilest of souls.

Garfiel: [What kind of joke’s this? Stop fuckin’ around!]

Mimi: [Garf… I keep feeling like this is super, super unpleasant…]

As Garfiel cursed in irritation, Mimi showed an anxious expression. Faced with her attitude, Garfiel traced the scar on his forehead, clicking his fangs.

That expression did not suit her. That expression, he did not want to see it from her.

???: [Well, well, then, since the big, dull, rotten meat creatures can’t seem to figure it out, I’ll explain it. I have control of the radio! Meaning, meaning, meaning——!]

Garfiel: [Get on with it, what’s the meanin’?]

???: [That—— I, no, WE have control of this City Hall, right? Ah, by the way, do you know those control towers, at the edge of the city? Those are also ours now!]

Garfiel: [Control tower… Are those the ones Ottobro talked about?]

Regardless of whether the owner of that voice was telling the truth, Garfiel felt that threat, holding his breath.

Before and after arriving at the city, he had heard about Pristella’s structure from Otto. As the Watergate City, Pristella had water running all around it, and once had a role as a trap meant for a very powerful fiend, and that function was still operable.

And the control towers located north, south, east and west of the city allowed control of the operation of the waterway―― If those were now in control of this host, who possessed the most vile character possible, it meant that the population of the entire city had been taken hostage.

Reaching the same conclusion as Garfiel, panic and anxiety began to spread though the civilians. Everyone screamed in dread, and in the city echoed loud, toxic, joyful laughter.

???: [Kahahahaha——! By now! At this moment! Only now are you realizing that you’re all going to be decimated! It’s shocking how brainless you all are! It’s too much for me! Ah, garbagegarbagegarbage! Gahahaha——]

Garfiel: [————]

???: [Oh, this won’t do, I’m sorry. If I go on any longer without giving my name, you’re all going to try running away from reality, right? Why don’t you allow this gentle and benevolent lady teach you what’s real in a very simple way?]

In a city of panic, Garfiel held Mimi’s hand tightly, then listened carefully to what the voice was saying.

???: [I am a Sin Archbishop of the Witch Cult, representing Lust——]

Garfiel: [Witch Cult——!]

Capella: [Capella Emerada Lugunica-sama! Gahahaha! Respect me! Worship me! Then cry and beg and die tragically like worms! You rotten slabs of meat! Kahahahaha——!]

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

Upon hearing the broadcast, Garfiel was forced to make a choice.

Although the broadcast of the self-proclaimed Witch Cultist had induced panic, the actions of the citizens of Pristella were very orderly. Even in that turmoil, they had kept emergency procedures in mind and fled into the nearest shelter.

People passing by had attempted to guide Garfiel and Mimi into a shelter. However, they had refused to take their lead and instead chose to go elsewhere immediately.

However, that had led Garfiel to make yet another choice.

And the result of that choice——

Reala: [Ah, Gorgeous-san!]

Garfiel: [————]

In the shelter he had arrived at, Reala had run towards Garfiel upon seeing him, relieved to find an acquaintance.

Garfiel endured the pain in his heart, and managed to turn his face to her.

——That was the result of his choice.

From the very moment Garfiel had refused to be led to a nearby shelter, he was forced into a decision. He had to opt between going back to where he should be, alongside Emilia and Subaru, or going out of his way to make sure that his mother was safe, even after having decided to part with her for good.

Rationally, Garfiel knew he should have immediately returned to Emilia and the others. Even so, he had told himself that since this shelter was relatively near where he was right after hearing the broadcast, he could afford to check on her safety.

Reala: [I’m glad that Mimi-san is fine as well. That broadcast had me worried.]

Mimi: [Ah, nothing’s happened to us~! The

sowarie

was delicious, thanks for the feast!]

Reala: [Ah, that’s good, I’m glad it was to your taste.]

And Mimi had not objected to any of Garfiel’s choices, and followed along.

Of course, she had wanted to return to Anastasia and her younger brothers. To her, Reala was a stranger, and she had no real obligation to go and check on her safety.

Garfiel: [————]

While listening to his own excuse, Garfiel, having finally confirmed Reala’s safety, was free to leave. He needed to return to Emilia’s side immediately, and come up with a plan.

If the name of the Witch Cult were to appear, Garfiel would protect Emilia. That was the manly promise he had made with Subaru, one which he would absolutely never break.

Even if he could not protect himself as a tiger, he could never forget that he was a man.

Garfiel: [It looks like everythin’s good, so my amazin’ self will…]

Reala: [Wait… Gorgeous-san, have you…]

As Garfiel prepared to leave, Reala’s timid murmurs caught his ears. Upon seeing Garfiel frown at this unusual attitude, she quietly continued.

Reala: [Have you seen my children yet…? They left early this morning… and they’re not in this shelter…]

Garfiel: [——!?]

Hurriedly looking up, Garfiel scanned his surroundings. However, the figures he sought were nowhere in sight. The visages of his siblings were not in this place.

Reala: [Even my husband… No, nevermind, I said something superfluous…]

Garfiel: [What’s up? My amazin’ self’ll be bothered if ya try to hide anythin’ now.]

Reala: [——The broadcast came from the City Hall. My husband should be going to his job at the City Hall… So, if something happened there…]

Garfiel: [————]

The City Hall was a tall building at the center of Pristella.

During the broadcast, the Sin Archbishop had announced that they had seized the City Hall, a place that supposedly maintained the operation of the city. Most likely, Garek was there.

Garfiel: [Haaa… haa…]

Garfiel’s heart quickened, and he felt like he was going to collapse from how strongly it pounded.

Garek, who was at the most dangerous place, and his missing brother and sister. Confirming Reala’s safety had led him to learn that her family was in danger.

Garfiel: [Captain, Emilia-sama…]

Their faces, as well as Otto’s and Beatrice’s, flashed through Garfiel’s mind. He must return to those people and become their strength.

But, as if tailgating that idea, the faces of his siblings and Garek also flashed through his mind.

Reala: [I’m sorry to have disturbed you, Gorgeous-san. Please forget what I said.]

Garfiel: […]

Reala: [Just now, I was a little bit too frightened. My children and my husband are well-aware of this city’s emergency procedures.]

Reala showed a strong smile, but her hands were clasped, as if in trembling prayer.

There was no doubt that her gesture was reluctant, and she was only desperately putting on an act to keep Garfiel from worrying.

Garfiel: [————]

Silence, silence, silence.

In silence, gritting his teeth, Garfiel’s mind blazed. Mimi faced him, also silent, waiting for his decision. In silence, she only held his hand.

Garfiel: […Don’t worry, leave yer children and husband to us.]

Reala: [——Gorgeous-san!?]

That unexpected answer left Reala speechless with surprise. With conviction, Garfiel nodded, then looking down at Mimi.

Garfiel: [It’s my issue from now on, so ya should go back.]

Mimi: [Hiiiiiiiiii-ya!]

Garfiel: [Owww!]

At being told to return, Mimi brought her foot down on Garfiel’s, who cried out loudly in pain. Mimi took the moment to stand tall.

Mimi: [Garf said something so cool, so how could Mimi not match him~? I’m definitely going with you~!]

Garfiel: [Bast… No, it’s fine. Sorry.]

Mimi: [You should be offering your

grititude

!]

Garfiel: [——Thanks.]

Mimi: [You’re welcome!]

Mimi giggled sweetly, and Garfiel began laughing as well, feeling like he’d been saved.

Then, turning back to the stunned Reala, Garfiel spoke.

Garfiel: [My amazin’s self’s goin’ to look for yer family, so stay here with everyone else, and wait for us.]

Reala: [But… why would you do so much for us?]

Garfiel: [————]

Why was he doing this?

Reala’s wavering gaze questioned Garfiel as to his true intentions.

And Garfiel grinned at her, showing his teeth.

Garfiel: [Because my amazin’ self’s a golden tiger! Gorgeous! Tiger!]

Mimi: [Then Mimi, is also Gorgeous Mimi~!]

Shouting their stupid lines, their levity shocked the people gathered in the shelter. Garfiel and Mimi put on a pose much to Reala’s shock, and then, with a valiant spin, the two rushed out from the bunker.

Mimi: [Garfiel, what do we do?]

Garfiel: [Use the smell to track’em. Those two and Garek, ya still remember their smell clearly, right?]

The problem was that the city was very large, and water flowed everywhere.

The environmental conditions were not optimal to accurately find their scents. In a city this populated, a powerful sense of smell could only do so much. Nevertheless, the olfactory sense of the two demi-humans would be able to yield some results.

First, they returned to Reala’s house, following her scent. Getting a whiff of them there, they would look for his siblings by following their scent.

Meanwhile, the evacuation of the city’s citizens had proceeded smoothly. The city, unpleasantly enough, appeared to be a ghost city. Finding instances of looting was to be expected in situations like this, but the absence of that kind of immoral behavior was very likely due to the reputation of the Witch Cult.

Mimi: [Hmm, is it this one? Gaaarf, I smell them!]

Garfiel: […Right, we’re headin’ towards this smell.]

Garfiel also picked up the scent Mimi did, and tracked where the siblings had gone. Those two seemed to have traced yesterday’s route, starting at their house at Third Street, and moved in the direction of the First Street.

And upon thinking of First Street as their destination, a thought flashed through Garfiel’s mind.

Garfiel: [Those two went to the park to see that Songstress…]

On the previous day, the boy had said that he’d left too late and failed his objective. Having learned his lesson, he had left early this morning, determined not to miss the music of the Songstress again.

This time, his sister must have accompanied him.

Garfiel: [In that case, if we go to First Street…]

If they went there, then they could hurry and join Subaru and the others.

Garfiel brightened slightly, thinking that the situation had turned in his favor in a surprise twist—— And then he smelled it.

Garfiel: [————]

Mimi: [Is this their father…?]

Mimi noticed the same thing Garfiel had, simultaneously.

A scent that split from the siblings, mid-way towards the First Street. The scent of Garek, who had headed in a different direction—— to the City Hall in the middle of the city.

Again, the time to make a decision descended on Garfiel.

If he went straight to the First Street, he would probably find the siblings. If they had arrived in time for the Songstress’s performance, they would certainly have found safety.

But, what about the City Hall?

As time passed, the people in the City Hall, where the Witch Cult had already made their attack, were in increasingly greater danger. Garek was in a place where, at any second, the likelihood of his death increased.

Mimi: [Garf… what do we do?]

Garfiel: [————]

Garfiel was once again forced to choose.

He could choose to confirm the survival of the siblings, and then reunite with Subaru. In that case, he would be abandoning Garek, in the City Hall.

How could Garfiel’s relationship to Garek be described?

Unlike Reala, or Reshia, and the children she had given birth to, there was no direct relationship between Garfiel and Garek. If blood connection were used as a criteria for rescue, Garfiel had no obligation to rescue Garek.

However, what would become of Reala, if she lost him?

She would spend years mourning with her children, a possibility borne because Garfiel had forsaken the City Hall here. That family would shed endless tears.

Garfiel: […The City Hall’s where that Sin Archbishop’s at, right?]

Mimi: [Yep~!]

Garfiel: [Those control towers are very dangerous, but if we can just get that Archbishop and kill her, then…]

Mimi: [Everyone will be saved~? Awesome~! Too awesome~!]

Bouncing on the spot, Mimi applauded Garfiel’s opinion. However, she immediately stopped jumping on the spot,

Mimi: [Although, it’s not a big problem, but… I feel kind of

oneasy

…]

Garfiel: [Uneasy?]

Mimi: [It’s very dangerous. That kinda feeling. It’s not clear, but it’s that feeling.]

What she meant was that she had no basis for feeling those nasty sensations.

Garfiel felt thrown off by her timid attitude, at a time when the stakes were high.

Up until then, Mimi had constantly supported him from behind, agreeing to his every judgement. And he thought that, once again, she would give her backing.

Garfiel: [How shameless… Expectin’ others to just do nothin’ but support me.]

Mimi: [Garfiel, what can I do?]

Garfiel: [It’d be dumb to not pay attention to yer unease, and the Captain ‘n the others are gonna gimme hell for that, but…]

It would be shameful for the strongest of the Emilia Camp to turn tail and run away in fear because of that. And, no matter how much he struggled, in order to save the city, they would need to attack the City Hall eventually.

Garfiel: [First of all, we gotta confirm the situation of the City Hall. Like if there’s someone guardin’ the place. And then we’re gonna rip off that Archbishop’s neck, that’s what.]

Mimi: [You mean

scooting

? Hmm… Hmm! Okay, we’re going

scuuting

~!]

Although Mimi was still a bit reluctant, she agreed with Garfiel’s safety measure.

Seeing her draw her beloved wand from her robe, Garfiel also drew his twin shields from his waist and attached them to his wrists. As his arms were covered in silver armor, he declared himself ready.

Garfiel: [Let’s go.]

Mimi: [Alright~!]

With that response to Garfiel’s brief words, the two headed toward the City Hall.

According to information from Subaru, Sloth of the Witch Cult had had several minions fighting alongside him. Although they could not match up to Garfiel himself, the Witch Cultists that were experienced in combat were capable of posing a threat, especially in sufficient numbers.

On the road, alert of any guards who may have been assigned there, the two traveled cautiously and carefully towards the City Hall.

Garfiel: [This is… odd, what’s goin’ on?]

Far from an overwhelming number of Cultists, they found no one standing guard.

Maybe they had missed them―― No, they would not be able to cheat Garfiel and Mimi’s noses. In that case,

Garfiel: [It’s like they’re thinkin’ guards ain’t necessary!]

Mimi: […]

As he recalled the voice from the broadcast, Garfiel’s anger at the Sin Archbishop peaked.

They had never thought that anyone would attack them. Perhaps they were assuming that their control of the control towers was absolute, and that their victory had already been achieved.

The sheer arrogance. He was going to tear them apart with his claws and crunch them with his fangs.

Mimi: [Hmm, hmm~]

As Garfiel gnashed his teeth, Mimi let out a soft groan. She rubbed the back of her neck restlessly, looking disturbed, her nose twitching over and over again.

Garfiel: [What’s up?]

Mimi: [I don’t know~, but I think that something’s wrong. Garf, something’s off.]

Garfiel: [Don’t kid around!]

Seizing the hem of Garfiel’s pants, Mimi suddenly spoke discouraging words. Garfiel snapped at Mimi, who wanted to retreat after coming all the way here.

The Witch Cult had neglected to even establish an outpost. Retreating just because the atmosphere seemed off was not something they could do. If they left right now, the possibility of tragedy befalling Reala’s family would only increase.

Garfiel: [Ya can stay here if ya don’t wanna go. My amazin’ self’ll bite off that Archbishop’s head without a problem!]

Mimi: [Garf!]

Shaking off Mimi’s fingers clutching the hem of his pants, Garfiel leapt out of their hiding place.

Following the path of the waterway coming from the square, he immediately dashed towards the building, the City Hall, right in front of him.

The distance was narrowing. The atmosphere remained stagnant. Their arrogance was real, what a joke. Nothing happened. Ten steps left. Nine steps. Eight steps. Seven steps. He scaled a wall, finding an easier route to first attack the top floor. Six steps. Five ste——

Mimi: [Garf——!]

Garfiel: [——!?]

And when he put strength on his foot for his next step, Garfiel leapt not forward, but sideways.

Immediately after, the sharp light of the edge of a terrifyingly sharp blade flashed by his gaze, and the cobblestone at his feet was slashed.

That destructive energy had been completely silent. The stone steps that were cut obliquely remained still in their previous location, as if unaware they had been cut. Fluttering, choppy white smoke was the remnant of the friction created by that sharp slice.

Garfiel: [————]

Were it not for Mimi’s warning cry, Garfiel would have been struck by that sword. A most beautiful and exquisite slash had barely missed Garfiel’s head. If that artistic cut had hit, Garfiel’s head would end up being put on a pike for display in the square.

Cold sweat.

At that moment, Garfiel turned back, and something landed.

Giant: [————]

Woman: [————]

Before his eyes, two figures had suddenly appeared from above.

One of them was a giant man, so large Garfiel had to tilt his head back to gaze upon his head, leisurely holding a large sword in each hand. The other was a slender, delicate woman, holding a long sword with a single blade in her grip.

Both were wearing black robes, covering their faces, so their identity could not be discerned.

Garfiel: […That ain’t a nice greetin’, y’know?]

Scratching the back of his neck, which was covered in cold sweat from shock, Garfiel spoke, trying to divert their attention from determining his own combat strength.

However, neither shadow returned any words to Garfiel’s own.

Mimi: [Garf, these two…]

Going around them, Mimi rushed to Garfiel’s side. Garfiel did not dare to even look at Mimi, instead keeping his eyes on the two figures.

Garfiel: [Yeah, they’re strong.]

Mimi’s voice was tense, and Garfiel silently answered by placing his hand on her shoulders, supporting her.

The two shadows they were facing gave off the feeling of dreary, ominous demons. The preternatural levels of danger the two exuded were impossible to measure accurately. The unfamiliar atmosphere pricking at Garfiel’s skin robbed his mouth of saliva, and he felt his throat rapidly drying up.

It was plain to see that the enemy’s strength far transcended the human realm. They were clearly superior to that female murder machine with whom Garfiel had once fought.

Garfiel: [Only two people…?]

No other shadows lurked around.

The only guards were the two before him. They had masked their existence from Garfiel up until now, so there were no other potential presences. Those with strength had already chosen to stop hiding themselves.

In other words, the two in front of them were the barriers they needed to break through to recapture the City Hall. As soon as he understood that, Garfiel shuddered, the corners of his mouth raising.

Garfiel: [Heh, interestin’…!]

Mimi: [Garf?]

Garfiel: [If we win, we can break through…!]

His heart stirred with vigor as Garfiel refused to let fear dominate it, bashing his shields together in front on his chest. High-pitched sounds and sparks scattered, igniting his soul just as it began to cool down.

However, grasping Garfiel’s pants, Mimi shouted――

Mimi: [No, no! Garf, no! Those two, we can’t! They’re super~ strong! Mimi and Garfiel absolutely can’t win alone! We can’t!]

Garfiel: [Hmm. We won’t know ‘til we try. I’ll never admit defeat like that. Besides――]

Mimi attempted to discourage him, but, to Garfiel, the content of her statement seemed to imply his own weakness. Garfiel however clicked his tongue, jerking his chin towards the two hostile shadows.

Garfiel: [――Even if we run away with tails tucked between our legs, they’ll catch up to us.]

Mimi: [Then, then, once! We’ll hit them once, dodge, and then run away. If it’s just us, we have to leave! Without the Captain or Julius—―!]

Garfiel: [————]

At Mimi’s frantic words, Garfiel bit his lip and pondered.

Indeed, Garfiel also understood that Mimi was correct. Those two held fighting ability that might exceed that of Elsa. Facing two such enemies at once, could only be called a suicidal act.

As there was no other way, was withdrawing the right course of action?

The two figures before their eyes were a barrier. Overwhelmingly might stood in their path, a barrier that had to be surpassed.

Garfiel, having been defeated by Reinhard, had realized how far from the strongest he was.

With consciousness that he must become the shield of those most important to him, he had to walk down the path to become the strongest. A journey necessary so he could become a golden tiger.

He had unexpectedly reunited with his mother, and met her new family, albeit not how he had once hoped. And if he withdrew here, Garek would——

Mimi: [————]

Again grabbing the hem of Garfiel’s pants, dominated by tumultuous thoughts, was Mimi, who kept her uneasy expression. Suddenly, Garfiel recalled their gentle night. She had been his kind guardian.

Just then, his stubborn feelings began to gradually melt away.

Garfiel: […Aight, we’ll be doin’ what you said. We’ll hit ‘em ‘n run, and find others to come help us—— Is that okay?]

Mimi: [Yeah! Yeah! That’s it—— Let’s do it~!]

Mimi gasped with delight, after Garfiel withdrew his reckless ideas.

Having unified their views, they turned to face the figures before them. The shadows had waited in silence ever since they had intercepted the two. Garfiel and Mimi’s brief quarrel had provided the perfect opportunity to launch an offensive. Had they held back because of honor? Compassion? Caution?

Garfiel: [——Let’s go!]

Mimi: [Hah!]

——If they were merely cautious, then they would be crushed.

Not needing a signal, Garfiel and Mimi leapt into the fray in tandem. Garfiel flew toward the woman, and Mimi attacked the giant.

As Garfiel approached her as fast as a bullet, the woman gently shifted her upper body, and, in the next moment, was swinging her blade downward at an alarming speed. The beauty of the sharp flash of her sword as it split the air was such that it fascinated Garfiel and caused him to momentarily lose himself.

Garfiel: [——Gah!]

However, he was not so foolish as to fully lose himself and allow the blade to reach him.

It bounced into the shield on his right wrist, and he took the opportunity to kick the woman’s torso. She swiftly avoided his blow with terrifying nimbleness, rotated her blade, and fired off another strike. His neck as the aim of the slash, Garfiel blocked with the shield on his left arm. Immediately after, he lashed out a kick at her form right in front of him, her light body flying away easily.

Garfiel: [Haa!]

Looking at the form of the woman, who had been easily routed, Garfiel felt exhilaration.

Upon glancing back, he saw Mimi, adept in maneuvering herself against large enemies, successfully ducking under the strike of one of the large swords and firing back magic—— She was about to exit the square.

Mimi seemed like she was going to be able to escape safely. The giant did not have the speed to match Mimi as she ran away, and the woman did have the ability to fight Garfiel. In that case,

Garfiel: [If we can win one——!]

If he could take her out, it would be easier to launch another attack later. After defeating the woman, the giant would be much easier to tear to pieces.

Garfiel kicked off the ground, moving towards the woman, who was still collapsed. Her sword was still far from reaching his left shield, and her torso was full of openings. If he slammed his right fist into her, the woman’s body would be completely torn to pieces. There was no way that the woman had an immortal body like Elsa.

Garfiel: [Gotcha!]

He would be able to take out the woman.

At the moment Garfiel became convinced of this and raised his voice, death arrived from behind.

——The giant, who should have been faraway, had approached Garfiel, bringing with him the stench of death. Garfiel’s body reacted instinctively like a loaded spring.

Immediately interrupting his attack, he brought his left wrist to his back, leaping away from the spot.

However, a blow from behind smashed through the defense posed by Garfiel’s left arm altogether, slamming Garfiel into the ground with a yelp, bones creaking.

Garfiel: [Ahhh!?]

Giant: [————]

Garfiel was swallowed by shock and groaned violently at the weight of that unimaginable blow.

Having bounced up from the ground, an outrageous attack from the side again assaulted his body in midair. With the help of his twin shields, his arms barely moving, he defended against the impact—— but his body was sent flying with terrifying momentum.

Targeting Garfiel, still gliding through the air, his trajectory parallel to the ground, the giant and the woman dove forward in pursuit at the same time.

Woman: [————]

Giant: [————]

Garfiel: [Haahhahhh!]

Garfiel was sandwiched between the two parallel attacks.

He met the longsword approaching him from the front with a shield, and managed to just barely block the fierce blow of the giant sword at his back by kicking its midsection. The longsword once again emerged from the fray, being met with a shield, the dancing sparks scorching Garfiel’s cheeks. Immediately after, the large sword struck Garfiel’s body as it descended upon him.

Garfiel: [Hah!]

His bones and sternum creaked, the power of the blow painting Garfiel’s vision blood-red. He had been subjected to the strikes of two of those large swords, but their blunt blades had spared Garfiel’s life.

A cry of agony followed the blood spilling from his mouth, as he somehow managed to escape from his predicament by using his whole body as a spring. However, the two difficult enemies would not allow his survival.

Woman: [————]

Silently, a quiet slash approached Garfiel’s neck.

Although the intensity of this strike could not be compared with that of the previous one, the sharpness of the woman’s sword was beautiful in that it was laced with the breath of death, ignoring the need for raw power. Even the tip of that calm, elegant blade would split him in twain, just as if he had been slashed by its midsection.

Giant: [————]

Also wordless, the giant’s battling style was brutal and crude.

However, that kind of brutality was not one that left everything to chance and relied on recklessness, it was the brutality of someone who could harness and optimize their destructive power. Most people would barely be able to hold even one of his heavy swords, but he easily swung two of them, each in one of his giant arms.

Garfiel: [Ah, ah, hah, ah, haaah!]

A slash like the flow of water. A slash like a raging cyclone.

Although their styles were different, the effectiveness of their dynamic was commensurate with their overwhelming skill, and they attacked in perfect tandem; Garfiel had no choice but to stand his ground and fight to the death.

Desperately bouncing backwards on the stone steps, dodging a heavy slash, feeling a sharp wind whistle just over his head, relying on his instinct to withstand attacks with his shields, dodging, bouncing, defending.

——But, if they kept at it, sooner or later, he would be overwhelmed by their momentum and be beheaded.

Woman: [————]

Giant: [————]

The two figures pressed Garfiel without respite, giving him nary a chance to breathe. Like that, his oxygen-deprived head could not be dedicated to finding a ray of hope. His every effort was directed on avoiding a fatal injury.

His attention would surely fail to keep up as his exhaustion mounted. He would suffer a fatal blow.

Masterful combat, transcendental swings. They could easily and simply reap Garfiel’s life, despite his confidence in his physical strength. The more time passed, the more escape routes closed to him.

——Decision. A decision was pressing.

The only way out of this dilemma was to reveal his true fangs. Only in that moment would Garfiel be able to say who was clearly and overwhelmingly superior, him or the enemy.

And that thought briefly revived him. He sought an opportunity to breathe.

Garfiel: [——Huh…]

The woman’s blade weaved deadly slashes. He cast both wrists forward to capture her, twisting his body the least he could to avoid the full impact of the giant’s attack.

As expected, the giant’s blow smashed Garfiel’s left shoulder, and his right kneecap was shattered. But, in exchange for a breath of fresh air, that damage was nothing.

Garfiel: [Kah, haaaaaaaaaaaaaaaAAAAAAAAAAAA…]

Woman: [————]

Giant: [————]

With a raging roar, he released the heat boiling in his body.

The same feeling of boiling blood expanded to his field of vision, which became nothing but pure white, a cracking sound echoing from beneath his face as his bones shifted. His face was twisted, his teeth elongated into fangs, and he exercised his arms as their muscles expanded rapidly, his body becoming covered with golden hair.

Only his upper body had changed, leaving him in a half-beast state.

The smell of blood chased his rationality away momentarily, but, in this state, he was not completely devoid of thought. Seeing the person in front of them turn into a beast, it was impossible for any hostile party to remain calm.

Woman and Giant: [————]

Facing those two speechless figures, Garfiel growled, with the intention of shattering their eardrums. As the enemies’ footsteps froze as if blasted with a gust of wind, confirming that his nails had grown into thick, double-edged weapons, he decided to gouge their bodies.

The tips of the nails of his front paw descended toward the woman—— Just before that, the form of giant man squeezed in front of her.

No matter. Even those thick muscles were nothing worth mentioning, they were but paper shields to his claws. And shielding was just what the giant intended to do—— he stretched out his arm, the blade of his large sword facing down, making a gesture of neither defending nor attacking, but choosing to protect the woman.

Cute. But it was over.

——His paws would tear through the giant’s body, followed by the slender form of the woman.

Garfiel: [——!?]

That process had already been set in motion but had been paused in the first motion.

Garfiel’s tiger paw connected with the giant, but had failed to tear through the man’s body. Before that happened, he had caught Garfiel’s paw in his own hands.

He had uncovered the front part of his robe to reveal six additional arms.

With Garfiel’s thick arm suppressed, the large sword he gripped firmly blocked the tip of Garfiel’s claws, meeting the violent attack from head-on.

——That was the Absolute Defense of the Eight-Arms.

Garfiel: [————]

Too stunned to react, Garfiel hesitated. He could not believe that the giant had withstood his crushing blow without faltering.

Which meant that, in that moment, Garfiel had left himself exposed and completely unprepared.

Woman: [————]

Reappearing from behind the giant’s back, the woman launched herself at the unprepared half-beast. Garfiel’s back, now wide and covered by tiger’s fur, was much like a practice doll for the woman sweeping her longsword. As the tip of the sword approached, Garfiel felt the invisible breath of death on his neck.

However, his paws captured by the giant’s hands and his body unable to move, all he could do was wait for death——

Mimi: [Hold on a second!]

Garfiel: [————]

Just before Garfiel was split in half, the woman’s cut was stopped by an unfolding blue magic barrier, together with a shout. Her strike bounced into the barrier, and the irritating noise of a blade scraping on ice pealed, the barrier disappearing as the woman landed back on the ground.

The orange-haired kitten had saved Garfiel in the nick of time.

Mimi: [Garf, you said we’d run away!]

For the first time, something like reproach colored Mimi’s voice.

In his half-beast status, hearing the voice coming from behind, Garfiel’s rationality returned as he began to recognize his own stupidity. By ignoring anxieties, being far too careless, and being too dismissive of his opponent, he had put himself in a dangerous situation. In his moment of despair, Mimi had rescued him.

Garfiel swallowed as he appreciated the sturdiness of Mimi’s barrier.

The violence in the woman’s blade really did not match her appearance, and Mimi’s defensive capabilities were also quite considerable. Garfiel was incredibly fortunate that she was there.

Garfiel: [Oh, aaaaaaaaaaaaaah!]

Woman: [————]

Immediately after the relief spread to his chest, Garfiel forcibly broke free of the giant’s grip. Kicking at the body, and spotting his blow being blocked by an arm, Garfiel picked Mimi up by the waist and disengaged from the battle.

In this way, he would flee from this place with Mimi. As they had originally planned, they would gather reinforcements and return to this place to fight anew.

Woman: [————]

While they fled, the woman bounced again in pursuit. But once again, Mimi deployed a barrier, this one larger than the previous one. The woman’s slash was once again repelled, and Garfiel gathered all his energy into his legs to escape as fast as he could.

——A breath. The figure of the woman stopped, gently casting a hand in front of the barrier. With a leap, she approached.

Garfiel: [——Ah.]

Woman: [————]

Garfiel: [Eh?]

A quiet sound accompanied a light impact.

His jaw dropped as he witnessed the events unfolding. Garfiel had finished making another jumping motion, pulverizing the stone pavement, But as the half-beast sailed through the air, fresh blood followed him, a line of red being drawn in the air.

That blood, where was it pouring from?

Garfiel: [Midget?]

Having his thoughts of maintaining his half-beast form interrupted, Garfiel rapidly changed back to human form. However, the sensation of losing his tiger fur was buried under a wave of chills crawling down his back.

In his arms was the weak, loose body of Mimi. He turned his gaze down. Looking up at his flying figure, was a woman whose blade whipped through the air.

More than half of that longsword was coated with red, viscous blood.

A warm liquid dripped onto Garfiel’s lower abdomen. Mimi remained limp and motionless in his arms, and he could see the wand she loved falling from her hands.

Garfiel: [————]

Landing, jumping again. Repeatedly leaping onto nearby buildings, he fled without glancing behind. Fortunately, their adversaries were not following them.

Were they uninterested in anything other than guarding the square, or was this a show of humanity? It did not matter. After four, five lengthy leaps away from the square, Garfiel crushed the roof of a building as he landed, lowering Mimi’s body still in his arms, and checked Mimi’s condition.

Mimi’s eyes were closed, a large amount of blood spilling from the wound in her chest.

Garfiel yanked her clothes open to check on her wounds. Her vitals had not been struck. Of course, that did not allow for any optimism. Due to her blood loss, she was in need of immediate healing magic. He needed to calm himself.

Garfiel: [————]

Placing his hand on her wound, Garfiel willed healing magic into Mimi’s body.

Garfiel was one of the best users of healing magic in Sanctuary. He had always felt that it was slightly useless, but, in the event of any emergency, he’d hoped to accomplish something. Therefore, Garfiel had poured all of his magical efforts into healing magic, and he had a rough but complete grasp of the art of healing. As long as the injury was not fatal, he was fairly confident that he could heal it, even if it were a deep one.

The wounds on Mimi’s body would soon close with the waves of healing Mana. Sweat beaded his forehead as he put his hand on the wound, directing it to suppress the overflow of blood. He continued to dedicate his power to mend the cut skin, muscle, injured internal organs, desperately willing them to be fixed, giving her Mana continuously. Continuously. Continuously.

——The wound did not close.

Garfiel: [What… What…?]

Who was whispering in such a soft voice?

Any who could make that kind of soft sound in this situation deserved nothing but Garfiel’s wrath. He glanced around wildly, looking for the source. There was no one there. Finally, he realized. That voice was his own. He was aware of it.

So that soft voice had been him? Had he made that sound? Such a sound was, was, was——

Garfiel: [Close, close, close, healhealheal…!]

Exhausted, with all his might he ordered all of the Mana in his body into her treatment. The wave of healing magic flowed into Mimi’s form, filling her with a gentle current of Mana.

In spite of this, the unsealable wound refused to close.

Garfiel: [——You’re jokin’ me, right?]

Unable to accept the reality facing him, Garfiel again muttered with a weak voice.

Immediately afterward, he hit himself in the face and bit down hard on his lip to keep himself grounded. Now was not the time to make such a soft voice. There had to be a way.

What could he do, what could he do, what could he do, what could he do? He had no idea. But he could not give up here. Not knowing was not a reason to give up. He had to do whatever he could to save this girl.

Because she was the one who had let Garfiel cry. Such a child, who had been hurt trying to save him, could not die like this.

Garfiel: [————]

Gritting his teeth, Garfiel began to run. One of his hands rested on the girl’s wound, trying again to staunch her bleeding with his ineffective healing magic.

The smell of blood, the smell of death. In these deserted streets, even any thoughts about what had happened had vacated Garfiel’s mind.

Someone, anyone! Please, save this kid! Someone, anyone, bring a miracle! Tell me what to do! If there’s anything I can do… what can I do to save her!?

Garfiel: [————]

Feeling himself at wits’ end, Garfiel sharpened his sense of smell. The smell of water. The smell of blood permeating his surroundings. Strong emotions, charred meat. Amid those foul scents, Garfiel found a very familiar odor brushing past, and immediately followed it, running, running, continually, endlessly, running.

He flew into a shelter, evoking an immediate uproar at his bloodied appearance. But he had no time to care at the moment. Opening his eyes, he searched for that figure. Searching, searching, searching…

???: [Garfiel!?]

He found him on the other side of the shelter. At the back of that deep, dark, cold underground facility, he discovered the one he had been desperately searching out.

Subaru. Natsuki Subaru.

To Garfiel, that existence was miraculous, and, in the worst case possible, he would be able to find a glimpse of light in the worst of situations.

His legs were staggering. His head was shaking. Due to the light weight in his hands and his clogged throat, Garfiel swayed back and forth.

As he approached, Subaru glanced around him and gasped, becoming aware of the unconscious Mimi in his arms. Under Subaru’s gaze, Garfiel bowed his head, holding Mimi out, earnestly cursing his own stupidity.

Garfiel: [Sorry, captain… hk! My amazin’ self’s… worthless…! Incompetent… hk!]

He had been unable to protect that family, his vow to become a shield for them had not been fulfilled, he had challenged those hostile forces of his own volition, and had failed to get any results.

Subaru: [Garfiel, what… No, it’s not the time for that. Ferris!]

Ferris: [I know! Hurry up, hand over that child!]

Mimi was taken from Garfiel’s outstretched arms, and placed in a bed near Subaru, a thin figure standing next to her.

In the next moment, overwhelming healing energy flowed, permeating the space. Garfiel’s own could not even compare to that. If Garfiel’s healing prowess were likened to a drop of rain, that person’s ability would be akin to a waterfall.

Witnessing magical power that could resurrect even a lost life, Garfiel witnessed the treatment as if his soul had been drawn out of his body. Subaru gently placed a hand on Garfiel’s slackened shoulder. With a glance, he could see that Subaru had endured an appalling injury to his leg.

Subaru: [Although I can’t say that this went well, you did a great job bringing her to Ferris. Thanks to you, the girl can be saved.]

Garfiel: [Thanks to me…?]

What was Subaru saying?

Thanks to Garfiel, Mimi had been saved? Ridiculous! Mimi had been hurt so severely, and it was all Garfiel’s fault. Mimi’s life should never have been in danger in the first place. All of this had happened because of Garfiel’s poor judgement.

Hollow and twisted thinking, unresolved thoughts of remorse, and self-conscious stupidity. And the world would never forgive Garfiel’s foolishness.

Mistakes would always have their consequences. And so, an horrifying outcome arrived.

Subaru: [Ferris, what happened…?]

Subaru’s expression grew worried upon feeling something unusual.

Subaru dragged his leg, heading over to the bed where the treatment was being performed, calling the name of the person casting his potent healing spells.

In that terrifying torrent of magic, the healer shook his head.

Ferris: [Why…? These wounds, they will nyot heal…! If it goes on like this, I don’t know if I can save her!]

His anguished cry echoed across the room, and Garfiel turned his face towards the heavens. But he was underground. So, the underground sky had nothing to tell Garfiel.

——The cost of his mistake could be paid in nothing but blood.