※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

Translated by :

Ice (/u/Archbishop)

Proofread by :

Gracedharperd (/u/Gracedharperd)

Archbishop

Realigned by:

Archbishop, based on the comp by Archbishop

Art Sources

Pixiv (Deleted)

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

ALL RIGHTS BELONG TO TAPPEI NAGATSUKI, THE ORIGINAL AUTHOR OF RE:ZERO STARTING A LIFE IN A DIFFERENT WORLD FROM ZERO, THIS IS A TRANSLATION OF THE FREE JAPANESE WEB NOVEL INTO ENGLISH

JAPANESE WEB NOVEL SOURCE

※

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

Arc 5 – “Stars What Make History”

Chapter 78 – “The Remaining Ripples in The Watergate City”

Reinhard: [Ah, Subaru. Thank goodness we did not miss each other. I have returned.]

Subaru: [Reinhard? How quick, you only just left.]

When Subaru and the others returned to the shelter after picking up Julius, they came across Reinhard, who had just gone back to the same shelter.

Subaru gave a surprised response to his speedy work, and Reinhard, who had slightly raised his hand up as he walked towards them, suddenly broke into a frown. With a face that felt Subaru’s awful complexion and the unease in the somewhat anxious attitudes of the four of them, he said,

Reinhard: [What is the matter, Subaru… Is there something wrong?]

Subaru: [There’s definitely something wrong… But, it’s difficult to choose the words. There’s something I want you to confirm, too.]

Reinhard: [If I can be of any help, you may ask for whatever you want. What is it?]

Reinhard’s response to Subaru, who had dropped the tone of his voice, was as sincere as ever. That was why he wanted to trust in his extraordinariness, much like he had done so far, starting with the battle against the Bowel Hunter, all the way up to the battle against Greed.

However, that line of thinking, of attaining salvation by divine grace, was――

Subaru: [――Do you know anything about the person who’s standing next to me?]

Reinhard: […You don’t mean Beatrice-sama, right?]

Reinhard said this whilst looking down at the little girl in the dress that snuggled by Subaru’s side. In silence, Subaru did not reply to Reinhard’s words. He merely kept staring at the Sword Saint, praying that the answer he desired would be returned.

To the fervor of that gaze, Reinhard looked at the other person standing next to Subaru, and slightly narrowed his eyes as if he were thinking. However,

Reinhard: [――My apologies. He is someone I don’t know. Judging from his aspect and appearance, I believe he is one of the valorous individuals of this battle, though.]

Julius: [――――]

Julius’ cheeks stiffened at Reinhard’s reply.

The two of them were supposed to be close friends, companions from the Order of Royal Guards―― with his Name eaten, that connection of friendship also ended up being severed.

Julius cast his eyes down gloomily upon hearing that reality, and Subaru, looking at him from the side, was feeling dejected too.

The Sword Saint, as the strongest in the Kingdom, was the most skilled swordsman, one who cut apart even the Witch Cult. Even so, not even Reinhard van Astrea could escape the influence of the Authority of Gluttony.

Or perhaps, to have thought that it was possible if it were Reinhard was only a baseless wish. That wish was cruelly broken, and only confirmed his own shallowness.

Reinhard: [My apologies. I do not know the reason why, but it looks like I was unable to meet your expectations.]

Julius: […Huh, it should be us who say that. From your point of view, that question must have seemed like an accusation. It is us who should apologize for presuming upon that consideration.]

It was Julius himself that took responsibility in replying to Reinhard’s apology.

He masked the shock of being treated as a stranger by a friend. He looked around the shelter as he covered himself with words of calmness. And then,

Julius: [It seems like it is almost time for the important people to have gathered. It is high time to start the conference that shall include future actions.]

Reinhard: […I understand. You mean to say, that we shall talk about you there, as well?]

Guessing the intentions behind Julius’s words, Reinhard lifted his chin. In fact, the valorous individuals of the defensive battle from earlier―― those involved in the Royal Selection, along with the city officials, were beginning to gather inside the shelter.

And right then, a young woman dressed in a kimono came back from outside that very shelter.

Anastasia: [Hmm, it looks like they’ve gathered before we told ‘em to. How convenient.]

Anastasia, who had finished looking around the outside, said that with a smile as she tugged on her scarf, Echidna. From within the surrounding shelter―― in her field of view, she obviously must have seen the figure of Julius standing next to Subaru, but it did not look like she was going to mention him.

Anastasia: [It seems like, with Emilia-san and y’all and Felt-san, we’re nearly just about complete. If Priscilla-san comes after, then that’ll be enough. Then, I reckon we can start the conference.]

Anastasia made her suggestion as she clapped her hands together.

She said it with an air of composure, without even calling out to her one Knight, who should have been reflected in the corner of her eyes.

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

The place that had been designated as the conference room in place of the lost City Hall was a meeting place near the shelter.

This meeting place was also a shelter, but due to its poor provisioning against flooding―― Out of fear of the very disaster that had kept the city of Pristella on high alert, it seemed that this particular shelter had not been used during the turmoil.

Anastasia: [To start things off with, it oughta be a good time for the people in the other shelters to start goin’ back to their homes, don’t’cha think? In truth, we also wanted to go back to the inn… But, it seems like the cleanin’ still hasn’t ended.]

When it came to tidying, was she referring to the inn itself or the people involved in the current turmoil?

Anastasia had probably made that comment so it could mean either one, so to take the initiative amongst those who had gathered at the meeting place.

Anastasia: [First of all, let me thank y’all for yer hard work. Luckily, the amount of damage caused by the Witch Cult’s grand offensive was extremely low… Includin’ both the people here and those who aren’t, I believe. It was a battle like no other.]

Others: [――――]

Anastasia: [Even without those grim faces, I too, understand. The damage was low, but yer faces say that y’ain’t convinced by those words.]

The looks on those unsuspecting silent faces became harder at Anastasia’s words, who in some regards seemed unconcerned. At that, Anastasia shrugged her shoulders and looked around the room.

At the meeting place, not only were the original members who had undertook the battle to defend the city assembled, but also the other collaborators, those who had gotten involved, had joined.

From the Emilia Camp, there was Emilia, Subaru and Beatrice. Both Garfiel and Otto were absent due to the gravity of their injuries.

From the Felt Camp, there were Felt, Reinhard and Camberley, whose face was pale because of how out-of-place he felt. Gaston and Rachins were absent due to their wounds and exhaustion.

From the Crusch Camp, the most important member, Crusch, was still lying in bed. So, Ferris and Wilhelm were participating instead of their mistress.

From the Priscilla Camp, there was Al and Priscilla, the latter’s face seeming bored. Next to them was their attendant, Schult, safe and sound. It seemed like Heinkel’s safety had been confirmed, but he was an absentee.

And from the Anastasia Camp, there was Anastasia, who was standing in the center like she had taken the reins. Tivey and Ricardo were both participating as well, the latter of whom had white bandages wrapped all around his body. And Julius, who was seated away from them, was on the Emilia Camp side.

Finally, Kiritaka and Liliana were in attendance, as well as the Scales of the White Dragon, who had joined due to their involvement.

Nearly twenty people in total, who were involved one way or another, had gathered in the room to carry out the post-war conference on the defensive battle.

And the one who got the ball rolling and spoke out a rebuttal against Anastasia’s initial speech was Ferris, his attitude unsettled. His yellow eyes shook with irritation as he raised his hand up,

Ferris: [The post-conference is important… I understand that. I understand that, but I wish to speak about how we’re going to deal with the Sin Archbishop. In the end, one of the top brass of the Witch Cult was captured alive, right? There are many things that we need to ask. I want to hurry that up.]

Anastasia: […Well, I knew Ferris-san was goin’ to say that. By the way, what’s Crusch-san’s current condition like? Has there been any change since?]

Ferris: [――I can just say she’s stable. We couldn’t get any information out of Lust, so right now she’s recovering her strength with my healing magic, and relying on her willpower. For a moment, her symptoms were relieved a bit thanks to Subaru-kun’s help, but…]

Being looked at out of the corner of the eye by the frustrated Ferris, Subaru fixated his gaze on his own palm. A part of his palm had turned black, and it was in a state where it exposed an unseemliness like that of a burn or birthmark.

A similar change had occurred in Subaru’s right thigh, which was covered by his trousers. Subaru did not feel any pain or the feeling of anything foreign in it, but it was not like that for Crusch. The removal of that which was definitely eating up her strength was a matter of the highest priority to save her life.

That, and it was also rather tough for a woman to bear those black veins on her skin. That a beautiful woman like Crusch had been affected made it stand out all the more painfully.

Anastasia: [If I’m to speak honestly, I ain’t in agreement with keepin’ that Sin Archbishop alive. That thing’s a being that brings only trouble. If it’s possible, killin’ ‘em in a hurry would definitely be for the best.]

Ferris: [――! But then our leads would disappear!]

Whilst Subaru worried about the black veins, the argument between Anastasia and Ferris was reaching a boiling point.

In regards to the captured Sin Archbishop’s treatment―― Sirius, Ferris stubbornly shook his head at Anastasia, who had suggested execution. It was natural from his point of view.

However, Anastasia merely shook her head at Ferris, who was getting fired up.

Anastasia: [I think what happened to Crusch-san is a pity. But, they’re different matters. Besides, that Wrath even knows anythin’ about Lust… No, I don’t think they do in the long run. To me, it seems very unlikely that the Witch Cult was cooperatin’ with each other.]

Ferris: [If they’re not connected, then why!? Why did something like today happen!? The Sin Archbishops all gathered and came to attack the city, and yet, they’re not cooperating!?]

Anastasia: [Of course, even I ain’t sayin’ that their actions overlapped by happenstance. But, their aims, retreat times, ‘n dispersion don’t match. It’d be a little weird to call that cooperation… The Witch Cult doesn’t have any awareness of stuff like cooperation.]

Ferris: [That’s just a deduction, right!?]

Raising his voice, Ferris completely denied Anastasia’s words. It looked like Anastasia as well had realized that her suggestion was difficult to accept, and it did not seem like she was going to give a rebuttal to that, which had been denied by Ferris’ sentimental arguments.

Thereupon, Subaru slowly raised his hand up.

Subaru: [May I say something? I also have an opinion, but if anything, an opinion that’s close to Ferris’s. I don’t think it’s pointless getting information out of Wrath.]

Ferris: […What do you mean?]

Subaru: [It isn’t a story I’m proud of, but a little while ago, I was allowed to speak with Wrath for a short amount of time, and there I was able to hear a little bit about Gluttony. Even if it was only about the length, depth and closeness of their relationship, it’s too hasty to say we can’t get any information out of them.]

In fact, Wrath had thrown some words similar to a warning at Subaru about Gluttony.

Thanks to that, there was a part in which Subaru had realized the possibility of Gluttony actually being several individuals, and had ended up not overlooking Julius when he had tried to distance himself from the shelter. He could not close his eyes to this. Nevertheless, within Subaru’s true feelings, he also had a part which agreed with Anastasia.

Subaru: [But, leaving aside whether we can or can’t use them as a source of information, I also have a bad feeling in regards to keeping them captured… Though all the Sin Archbishops are like that.]

Right now, so that they could partake in the conference, Sirius’s guard duty had been entrusted to the Scales of the White Dragon.

She was in a condition where she was bound in chains without quarter, and had even been gagged to stop her from talking. They had also been instructed to take turns keeping guard, as their hearts had the potential to be manipulated were they to stay near her for too long. Nothing should happen during this conference, but his anxiety was unending.

Subaru: [It’s necessary to feel this anxiety whilst they are captured alive. I can’t unconditionally make a decision about what to do about that.]

Ferris: [Which side are you on…!?]

Ferris pointed his eyes, which were full of hatred, towards the fence-sitting Subaru. Subaru grimaced at the heat of his gaze, and said,

Subaru: [I’m not taking sides. Honestly, I think both of you are right… In the worst case, I will do something about the black veins in Crusch-san’s body using the parts of my body which haven’t turned black. If that solves the issue, then I think that’ll be no issue.]

Ferris: [――Ha.]

Emilia: [Subaru.]

Subaru’s own judgement was a fairly extreme conclusion for the topic of Crusch’s black veins. Upon hearing those words, Ferris’s face became flabbergasted, and Emilia looked at him, her eyes rebuking him.

Everyone else also turned to look at him with shock, and complex emotions in their gazes.

Emilia: [I also heard about that, but that’s truly as a last resort, right? We don’t know what will happen in the future even if it’s nothing right now, but, acting like this is normal is…]

Subaru: [Well, it’s not like even I want to put that seemingly unhealthy ink in my body for fun. But, we have a precedent with Crusch-san that it relieved her symptoms a little.]

Emilia: [――――]

Subaru: [What I mean to say is, don’t rush to draw conclusions. I understand the feelings of impatience, but even if my back or my butt turns black, given that they’re out of sight, I’m not reluctant to help out. That’s what I’m on about.]

Despite there being a way to be able to do something, letting it go by due to his own cuteness would leave him a bad taste in his mouth.

Crusch was a valued benefactor to him, and more importantly, there was a solution that did not involve his, nor any of the others’ lives. He would try and help as much as he could, if it was up to something like darkening his out-of-sight skin.

Wilhelm: [Ferris, seat yourself. For the time being, Subaru-dono is right.]

Ferris: […I know. I really know.]

The one who pulled Ferris’s sleeve, who was lost for words, and made him calm down, was Wilhelm. Ferris looked down and attempted to say something to Subaru, but sat without saying anything in the end.

Subaru let out a sigh on seeing his state; the mood around the tense meeting area went back to normal. Even so, the situation from before still continued.

Anastasia: [In any case, I understand that everyone’s opinions regardin’ the treatment of the Sin archbishops are divided. It’s worryin’ to keep ‘em alive, and even the limits of mine ‘n Natsuki-kun’s instincts are comin’ out… In truth, if they’d killed ‘em instead of capturing ‘em, our talk would have gone all the more quicker.]

Priscilla: [――What, has this worthless spiel ended? No matter how much you gaze upon me, no rewards shalt be given to a show that lacks value. Cease that beggar’s look immediately.]

Priscilla replied with a yawn to the bantering Anastasia’s look.

That misplaced reply was proof that Priscilla had not been listening to the conversation properly up until now. Her participating in this conference must also have been some kind of whim of hers.

Anastasia: [Don’t speak so slyly. That attitude is unbecomin’ for one who captured someone from the Witch Cult alive, but out of all people, why did

ya

capture ‘em? What led to this bizarre turn of events?]

Priscilla: [As if I knew whether she would live or die. As the final blow was dealt, the Yang Sword clouded over and its sharpness disappeared. Thus, she survived. The one who dragged her out from the canal was one of the rabble, who had drained the water in search for the Songstress. It has nothing to do with me.]

Anastasia: [It doesn’t bother you that the one you’d tried to kill didn’t die?]

Priscilla: [On the contrary. I drove the sword solely to kill. If she did not perish by that, then I have no intention to kill her again. Though she did not expire by my hand, it seems to be all the more convenient as far as I am concerned.]

Anastasia: [Haaa, I don’t understand, but aight.]

Anastasia seemed to have given up trying to understand Priscilla, who as ever, had elaborated on her enigmatic theory. Subaru did not know her intentions either, but Priscilla’s thinking probably was not understood by anyone else.

It was dubious whether even Al and Schult, who stood by her side, were able to make heads or tails of it.

Reinhard: [At the least, I am against judging Wrath in this place. I do want to respect Ferris’s feelings of course, but it also poses a unique opportunity for the Kingdom. On top of strictly keeping guard of them, I think that we should make an effort to get what they know out of them.]

Felt: […I think it’s better to kill them. Even just remembering those Sin Archbishops makes me sick to the stomach, I don’t think they’d say anything that half makes sense. It’s better to kill them before being dragged into something problematic, so that they won’t cause any problems in the future, probably.]

Reinhard: [Felt-sama…]

Felt: [For your information, I ain’t saying this to get on your nerves this time, at all.]

And, coming from a different place, the opinions were split between master and servant. Reinhard, who had advocated that they should keep Wrath alive, and Felt, who had denied that. Although, Felt’s opinion was not well-grounded.

Felt herself did not seem to think that her opinion would be accepted. In the end, it looked like Wrath would be given into custody to the Kingdom.

Reinhard: [I shall be the one responsible for escorting Wrath to the Royal Capital. In the case Wrath is scheming something, I would be the person most able to deal with it. And in the worst case, there is the eventuality that a conviction might need to be carried out too.]

Anastasia: [When it comes to bein’ suitable for that, you’re it, apparently. But in this case, will Felt-san follow ya to the Royal Capital too? Or shall master and servant go their separate ways…]

Felt: [If Reinhard’s going, I’m going too―― This time, it can’t be helped.]

Reinhard’s face changed to one of astonishment, on hearing Felt’s words. Felt caught a fleeting glimpse of his face from the side, and plastered a deep scowl on her lovely face,

Felt: [Don’t get the wrong idea. The fact that I can’t stand you ain’t changed. It ain’t changed, but there’s times when I ain’t gonna do that.]

Reinhard: [There are times where you aren’t going to do that?]

Felt: [I don’t know. Try asking that to your own chest. My chest ain’t soft enough to reply back to you.]

Sticking out her underdeveloped chest, Felt stuck her tongue out at Reinhard. He cast his eyes down upon seeing his master’s attitude, and then quietly lifted his chin up.

Only they themselves knew what feelings there were between master and servant. At any rate, it looked like the Felt Camp, too, was not the same as it had been a year ago.

Camberley: [W-well, in that case, I’ll…]

Reinhard: [Camberley, look after Rachins and Gaston. Once they can move about, they may first return back to the mansion. Bring them only in contact with Rom-jii.]

Camberley: [Y-yessir, I understand.]

A look of relief came over the uncomfortable-looking Camberley on receiving his orders.

For now, thanks to Reinhard volunteering, they could feel at ease regarding Wrath’s escort. What came after, that which they could get out of Sirius, would be the duties of the Kingdom’s experts.

???: [Then, may we move to the next issue? Ladies and gentlemen.]

The one who had raised his hand up after seeing the matter of Wrath’s treatment decided upon had been Kiritaka. He gazed at everyone’s faces while he adjusted his slightly messy hair with his hand. And then, he spoke out,

Kiritaka: [First of all, regarding the battle to protect this city… I would like to thank you all, on behalf of all citizens. If it were not for all of you, the city of Pristella would likely have fallen into the evil clutches of the Witch Cult. I offer my deepest gratitude for that.]

Kiritaka hung his head low, and bowed, having taken responsibility for speaking of the general consensus of the city. Liliana, who was by his side, with a look of panic on her face, also bowed her head like Kiritaka had.

Putting Kiritaka aside, Liliana’s earnest reaction was quite unlike her. Perhaps her fight against Wrath, or something after that, had caused a change in her attitude. In any case,

Subaru: [We were already in the city, and involved. We didn’t have the option to just watch on as a spectator, so you don’t have to thank us to this grandiose extent. Don’t you think?]

Emilia: [Yeah. Besides, maybe the Witch Cult taking over the city was just a bonus for them, judging by their aims. Whether we saved them, or they saved us, maybe we don’t know which one it is.]

Emilia and Subaru insisted that it was hard for them to accept the praises at face value for the Witch Cult’s attack. Certainly, the greatest part of repelling the Witch Cult had been down to the merit of the members gathered here. However, in the first place, the Sin Archbishops’ aims were Emilia, the Artificial Spirits, and the Book of Wisdom.

All those things had been brought in by those involved from the outside, and the Emilia Camp had been responsible for gathering them all. They could not accept their praises with full sincerity.

Felt: [Wait up. It bothers me that you’re saying that freely as if it were the consensus. Are you really saying that if we hadn’t been here, they would’ve slammed the door shut on those Witch Cult guys? I reckon we need to talk more clearly about that.]

Priscilla: [‘Tis vexing, but I am in agreement with that beggar girl. Do not drag us into all of your commoners’ self-convenient diffidence. Do not be so conceited, you half-devil and you philistine.]

However, the harsh duo stated their rigid opinions on hearing the words of Subaru and Emilia.

Felt and Priscilla looked at each other after they finished speaking, and immediately looked away, their faces looking disgusted. From the start, those two had not gotten along with each other. Only those in her camp were close to Priscilla, so it was a pretty normal reaction.

Kiritaka: [Please settle down. I am gladdened by Emilia-sama’s words, but as Felt-sama and Priscilla-sama said, the city’s defense was all of your merit. This I vow as a representative of the city―― In the meantime, I would like you to lend your strength just a little while longer.]

Subaru: [By strength… You mean the next issue you mentioned earlier?]

Kiritaka: [Indeed. About the inhabitants who were transformed by that wicked power.]

Everyone: [――――]

Everyone there went silent at hearing Kiritaka’s somber tone.

What he was about to point out―― it was something which everyone here understood. The staff of the City Hall, who had fallen into the evil clutches of Lust, had been transformed into inhuman forms.

One had been transformed into a black dragon, and the other dozen or so had been transformed into huge flies.

They still were completely unable do anything about the effect of the Authority of Lust, Transmutation and Transfiguration For now, they ought to have gathered them in one place and concealed their existence, though.

Kiritaka: [The culprit, Lust, has fled… No, even if we could catch Lust in the first place, it is doubtful they would have any intention of restoring them to normal.]

Subaru: [That’s for sure… But we can’t just leave them, right? Is there anything at all which we could do? Isn’t it even impossible for Ferris?]

The changes to the people who could not turn back to their original form were fundamentally different from injuries or disease. Seeing Subaru’s gaze, Ferris shook his head, and then bit his lips,

Ferris: [Even I simply can’t cure that. No, it isn’t about whether I can cure them or not. It isn’t an injury or disease, they were just transformed into those kind of creatures. Healing magic can only help you get back to being right as rain if you’re injured or sick. That’s why healing magic is futile against those transformations.]

Kiritaka: [To be frank, I cannot tell whether the people that have been turned into flies possess any sense of awareness. I cannot distinguish them, and a fly the size of a person cannot even fly to begin with. They have not learnt how to move their wings properly, lying in an incomplete state. But, if they have awareness…]

Subaru: [If they clearly understand their circumstances, they’d end up going crazy I guess…]

They had lost their own figures.

It was a frightening change, even just thinking about that. However, considering that they had been changed into something inhuman―― into something repulsive, it made it all the more worse. With one’s body not being freed, even losing the means to express one’s own will, it was pretty easy to imagine what they would be thinking in the end.

For sure they would…

Priscilla: [Those who were transformed into vile insects would want to die, I would imagine. If there is no chance to turn them back, then would it not be merciful to bestow that?]

Al: [Princess, that’s…]

Priscilla: [Be silent, Al. There is no meaning in mere wishful lip service. I hold no mercy to dish out to slothful pigs, but killing those who revile fate by being trifled with to absurdity is also a kindness. In short, that is all it means.]

With her harsh view, Priscilla dismissed Al, who had instinctively voiced his opinion. However, the reason why Al did not make any more objections, was because Priscilla’s opinion was also correct in some sense.

Of course, he did not believe they should die. But, they had been transformed into flies, and there was no known way to get them back to normal; it was perfectly natural that they would want to die.

Subaru: [It’s impossible to negotiate with the culprit, Lust. Healing magic doesn’t fix them. What do we do?]

Kiritaka: [I wished to ask everyone about that. It does not matter, even if it is a shot in the dark. Does no one have any idea on how to cure them?]

Still seemingly clinging on to hope, Kiritaka’s question was drenched in both expectation and resignation. No, the amount of resignation was stronger. And that was natural. If there had been any possibility to cling onto, someone would have been bound to have suggested it by now.

In other words, at this point in time, without any allusions to a solution having been made so far,

Kiritaka: [――I understand. I profusely apologize for the inconvenience. Dealing with them is an issue for the city, so we shall take the responsibility afterwards.]

Subaru: [Take the responsibility? What will you all do?]

Kiritaka: [We will consider the possibilities after this… We have to check the will of those involved, and see each of their conclusions. No matter what the final opinions are, we shall see it through until the very end.]

They sounded like strong words that implied an end in which their lives would be ended, instead of the one where they could return back to normal. Kiritaka’s conclusion was inevitable in a sense.

It was inevitable, but it was too soon for that conclusion.

???: [Wait―― Erm, wouldn’t you be able to leave it to me?]

Kiritaka: [Emilia-sama?]

Having realized that their discussion on that matter had reached its end, Emilia quickly raised her hand. She looked straight at Kiritaka whilst feeling his anxious and expectant gaze converging on her, and said,

Emilia: [A way to return them all back to normal right now… Sorry, that I don’t know. But, I want you to not make any hasty conclusions. We need more time.]

Kiritaka: [I understand your feelings, Emilia-sama. But, the topic is about whether they have that time in them. The big issue is for how long their spirits can maintain their equilibrium in their transformed bodies…]

Emilia: [Yeah, I know. That’s why I will make time to protect their minds―― It may be a crude method, but it’ll surely be able to do the job. A way of putting them to sleep.]

Subaru: [I see… <u>cold sleep</u>.]

Realizing Emilia’s true intentions, Subaru snapped his fingers and then raised his voice. As he felt the people around him tilting their heads quizzically due to the unfamiliar words, Subaru nodded at Emilia, who was looking at him,

Subaru: [In other words, you mean the same way as with the brides in the church, right? With Emilia-tan’s magic, we’ll put the transformed people into a state of suspended animation. It may end up just postponing the inevitable, but it’s sufficient to put off making a conclusion. In the meanwhile, we should find a solution.]

Kiritaka: [Freezing them, and keeping them sleeping… Is that possible? But, will they not end up freezing to death in their sleep?]

Emilia: [They’ll be fine. It was for a short while, but I used this on the brides, so I understand the effects on one’s health, and besides, I also slept for around a hundred years by myself.]

Kiritaka: [You yourself slept…!?]

Although an undesired commotion spread throughout the meeting place, Subaru clenched his fist at Emilia’s words.

It was unusual that Emilia was being positive about her magic and that she had insisted on trying to use it this way as well. That, and it was a fine play that even Subaru had not thought about.

It certainly was no drastic solution to the problem, but they just needed time to find a solution from somewhere other than Lust. At least, their possibilities should be increased by removing the set time limit.

In the worst case―― yes, it was the worst case, but there existed a possibility.

Subaru would defeat Lust with his own hands, and plunder the Witch Factor of Lust she possessed. Or perhaps, being that it was him, it might not be possible that he could return them back to normal using the power of that Witch Factor.

He had just taken in the Witch Factor of Greed, and it was possible that reproducing the Sin Archbishop’s Authority was merely a pipe dream.

Kiritaka: […If that is possible, by all means, I would like to ask that of you, but…]

Emilia: [Let me do it. You won’t regret it for sure.]

Emilia repeated her request to the hesitant Kiritaka, at a loss for what to think. Kiritaka agonized about it before her earnest attitude. However, Liliana, who was at his side, tugged at the cuff of his suit.

The brown girl looked up at Kiritaka and then flared up her nostrils,

Liliana: [What are you worried about, Kiritaka-san? Why not? Let her try! After all that Emilia-sama said. It’s natural that there’s a chance of success!]

Kiritaka: [Of course, I want to believe that too, very much so, Liliana. However, this is something that involves many lives. We cannot arrive at a conclusion so easily…]

Liliana: [There’s no need to worry! Emilia-sama will not fail. Because, be~cau~se~! The great heroes of the future can all surmount such tribulations without difficulty! Those heroic tales where they surmount any wall standing in their way, no matter how tall or thick it is! Blood boiling and flesh raising, a tale which fascinates everyone is created like so!]

The gentle strum of the Lyulyre, unsuitable for the meeting place, resounded throughout.

None of Liliana’s idealistic notions had any basis, but for some reason, they did have a strange persuasive power to them. Of course, it was not so simple to make their conclusion based just on that.

Subaru: [At the least, let’s ask their families. If the staff of the City Hall are the victims, then their family should be in the same city, right? We should try and hear from them whether they leave open that possibility.]

Kiritaka: […In regards to that question, there was not anyone who seemed to have abandoned their family.]

Subaru: [Then we can talk later about whether we will leave this to Emilia or not. And, regarding whether they will believe Emilia or not… Well, I’d like to hear about that specifically from the consensus of the city.]

Kiritaka directed his gaze towards Emilia, showing signs of hesitation. If Emilia had cowered from that look, then perhaps the debate would drag on even further.

However, Emilia nodded without fear at his clinging gaze.

Emilia: [Leave it to me―― I will do it without fail.]

Confidence and conviction―― even though it was somewhat of a different feeling, Emilia had shown her willingness to face her own deeds with a strong sense of self-awareness and preparedness.

Kiritaka: [――――]

Kiritaka was speechless in seeing the gaze in Emilia’s eyes, and in hearing her assertion.

And not only that, the gazes of the people around which were pointed at Emilia also showed an infinite variety of reactions as if they were swaying in a wave of emotions different to the ones so far.

Finally, Kiritaka let out a deep sigh.

Kiritaka: [I un… derstand. For sure, I reckon we should endeavor to make our wishes come true rather than jumping to hasty conclusions. After all, the battle to protect Pristella, too, had seemed reckless at first.]

Emilia: [Yeah. I’m reaaally thankful.]

Kiritaka: [It is me who should be thanking you…]

Kiritaka smiled wryly at having lost his position. After the conference, and after they got permission from the victims’ families, it seemed like the cold sleep from Emilia’s magic would be realized.

Subaru replied to Emilia’s nod by giving her a thumbs up.

Having cleared up the second point of dispute, what came next was their last topic on the agenda. And that was――

???: [So, the last issue… There have been many reports of unconscious people of unknown identity that were found one after the other in various parts of the city. I would like for us to discuss this matter.]

Most likely, for the Knight who had been forgotten and had remained silent until now, it was the most important issue.

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

???: [Right now, the number of Nameless people is reported to be thirty-six. Amongst them, there are six people who appear to have been part of the Scales of the White Dragon. Furthermore, it’s very likely that the number of Nameless people will increase in the future.]

The one who led the debate and gave the report was Dynas, the representative of the Scales of the White Dragon. With his fingers, he touched the dragon crest that was embroidered on his white garb, a strong expression of regret adorning his face.

Most likely, that was the crest that denoted that they were Scales of the White Dragon. The ambiguous testimony that he had given, “Who appear to have been part of”, must have been related to that crest as well.

Felt: [It’s okay to say that the guys who were attacked by that Sin Archbishop are Nameless, right? Like, the guys who popped up out of nowhere all of a sudden, defeated.]

Kiritaka: [Taking into account the situation, it’s reasonable to think that, I’d say. Their uniforms have matching embroidery sewn in… It’s really frustrating that their identities are completely unknown.]

Dynas: [What’s more is that there are thirty more people in a similar position… It’s a complete mess. It’s unclear whether they were there all along or not, it’s difficult to judge what the best thing to do is.]

The victims of Gluttony―― The people who had had their Names eaten, in some sense, were harder to deal with than the victims of Lust. After all, the victims had completely disappeared from the memories of those who knew them. On top of that, if the people in question were not conscious, then there were no clues left to find their identity.

Even with the people from the Scales of the White Dragon, while it was great that their affiliation was known, no one knew more than that. They did not know who they were caring for, or such.

Felt: [All of the Nameless that you found were unconscious, right? What was the Healing Arts User’s chic… No, guy’s prognosis on that?]

Ferris: […It’s the same as with Lust as well. I don’t know why they’re unconscious. The result of my prognosis is that I think they are just sleeping. But this too isn’t a certainty. Those who just sleep should keep getting weaker and weaker, but then there’s the case of Rem-chan.]

To the words of Felt, Ferris looked over at Subaru and then spoke.

A year ago, having suffered the same damage from Gluttony, Ferris had given Rem a diagnosis similar to the Nameless people. The result of the prognosis had been exactly the same. And still, up until now, Rem had not woken up, and yet her health had not deteriorated.

Even though she seemed asleep, it should be said that her body was not carrying out its functions for life support. Her hair was not growing, and there was not even any excretion. She was in an unfathomable state.

Subaru: [Putting aside knowing their identities or not, the care of those people is easy. It’s better to deal with bedridden people since they’re bedridden, we can just leave them sleeping in their beds… Even though in truth, I’d like for someone who knows them to be by their side.]

Ricardo: [Since that ain’t possible, that’s the issue, ain’t it? It’s somethin’ arduous.]

Even though he knew saying that had been half-meaningless, Subaru had done it for Rem. In the real meaning, he had no other choice but to defeat Gluttony for Rem.

Even if he knew that, having offered a little bit of opposition was Subaru’s self-satisfaction.

Subaru’s naivety was denied by Ricardo, who had raised his voice, his face showing no traces of ill will. Upon turning to take a glimpse at his profile, Ricardo was sitting on two chairs set side-by-side, having crammed his huge body in, and was taking part in the conference.

His spirited attitude still seemed unchanged, but there was something that was different in just one place. And that was the hefty mass of bandages wrapped around him, and his right arm missing from the elbow down.

Ricardo: [Don’t make such a miserable face, bro. It’s true that I screwed up, but I’m alive. When ya think about what happened now, it’s by far the most preferable damage.]

Noticing Subaru’s gaze, Ricardo raised his severed right arm up and bared his fangs. It seemed like Ricardo had lost his right arm due to an attack from Gluttony during the fierce battle of the control tower.

He’d heard that from Julius, who had been fighting at his side. Julius had also told him that Ricardo had lost his arm protecting him, and that Ricardo himself did not remember it.

As if proving that, Ricardo shifted his gaze to Subaru’s side, and said,

Ricardo: [By the way, I see that handsome guy next to ya’s an acquaintance of yers, bro? Looks like ya met the guy ya were searchin’ for, that’s a relief ain’t it? Truly, thank ya for helpin’ me earlier.]

Julius: [――――]

Calling Julius a handsome guy, Ricardo acted as if he was talking to a stranger. From the flow of the conversation, it seemed that Julius had exchanged with Ricardo the same words as back when he had tried to smokescreen Subaru at first.

Julius should have carried the injured Ricardo to the shelter, so it could be presumed that Ricardo’s thanks in the end were for that.

Nevertheless, leaving this misunderstanding as-is was far too agonizing.

Besides, they had arrived to the topic of Gluttony. It was time to cut to the chase it seemed.

Subaru: [I have something which I want to talk to everyone about. It’s something important that’s related to the Nameless.]

Standing up, Subaru got the attention of everyone in the hall to himself.

Right now, the one who had the most information on how to deal with the Nameless was Subaru. He felt everyone’s gazes naturally filled with anticipation of a solution for this state of affairs, however he shook his head.

Subaru: [I’m sorry for having caused anticipation, in all honesty, this isn’t something which will yield hope immediately. But I have to talk about this.]

Anastasia: [Ya know, if ya give it such an extravagant preface, yer bound to make us fret. What are ya plannin’ to say?]

Anastasia threw in a few joking words to Subaru to try and relieve some of the tension in the place. However, it was her who should be the one most prepared for this. Otherwise, the fact had the potential to turn her current state of mind inside out from the roots.

Subaru took a quick breath, and then looked at everyone’s faces. And finally, he looked at Julius, who nodded despite looking tense.

Seeing that, Subaru then pointed to the neighboring Julius with his hand, and asked his question.

Subaru: [Is there anyone here who knows the name of this man?]

Everyone: [――――]

Silence prevailed in the meeting place to Subaru’s question.

The time that was kept in silence was not borne out of a lack of understanding, though. It was because everyone sensed the intent of Subaru’s question, and were contemplating about Julius’s position.

And on that basis, if nobody said a word, it meant that there was no one with any idea about Julius’s identity.

Subaru: [Al! What about you? Don’t you remember his face?]

Al: [Ah? What’s up, bro? Why are you nominating me all of a sudden?]

Having had his name abruptly called out, Al raised his voice in sheer surprise. That behavior was enough to prove that he had memories of Julius inside of him, but, even so, he had to make sure.

Subaru placed his hand on the roundtable and posed his question to Al, whilst leaning forward towards him.

Subaru: [Do you really not know why? It’s what you and I have in common. So, do you not remember this guy? Well? Reply to me.]

Al: […Ah, so that’s why. Sorry, bro. I know what you mean, but I don’t think I can help you. That guy’s nowhere to be found in my head.]

Subaru: [Are you completely sure? If you think a little more seriously…]

Julius: [That’s enough―― That’s plenty enough, Subaru.]

As someone summoned from another world―― Al presumed the intention behind those series of questions based off of that, but he had not nodded his head. Nonetheless, it was Julius himself who stopped the unrelenting Subaru.

Julius clapped Subaru’s shoulder with a forlorn smile on his face, and bowed at Al.

Julius: [I over-expected, I apologize. We apologize for our impoliteness.]

Al: [You have no reason to apologize. I don’t know… If there was such a reason to or not, but you don’t need to apologize to me.]

Waving his sole arm, Al turned his gaze away from Julius.

There were no signs of falsehood in his reaction. It was probably true that Al did not remember Julius. Then, that meant part of Subaru’s conjecture was incorrect.

The world one originated from had nothing to do with the effect of the Authority of Gluttony.

In that case, then, the most likely reason after all was the Witch Factor inside Subaru’s body. And it seemed to be limited to isolation with the outside world according to Beatrice’s Door Crossing.

Wilhelm: [Judging from the story, Subaru-dono. This young man was involved with us… And in addition to that, I also think he is someone who was in a fairly important position?]

Wilhelm spoke out towards Subaru, sharing his deduction after observing the trio’s exchange. Others would have most likely come to the same conclusion which the wisened swordsman did.

Subaru nodded at Wilhelm, and then he turned to look towards Julius,

Subaru: [This is Julius. Julius Juukulius. Like all of you guessed, his Name was eaten by Gluttony, and he ended up as one of the Nameless people. But the process is different than the others who were unconscious―― His consciousness remains.]

Ferris: [We have such a case? He’s forgotten by those around him, but he himself remembers… So, is this person one of ours?]

With disbelief on his face, Ferris swept his gaze from Subaru to Julius and then back again many times over. To the shivering Ferris’s words, Reinhard tucked his chin in and said, “It seems so”. The Sword Saint gazed at Julius with his tranquil eyes, and said,

Reinhard: [Before the conference, Subaru asked me the same question as well. He… Julius was likely an acquaintance of mine or Ferris. Or maybe the word “acquaintance” is insufficient to describe our relationship. A friend, perhaps.]

Julius: […At least, I thought of you both as friends. If you both considered me a friend in the same way, nothing would make me feel more honored.]

Ferris: [Friends… Then, Julius, you’re a Knight as well? One of the Royal Guard?]

Both Reinhard and Ferris were bewildered at having been called a friend by a stranger. Their reaction could not be avoided, thus Julius corrected them half in resignation.

Subaru’s insides were burning in anger as he watched the trio’s exchange.

What a warped, nauseating scene it was.

Subaru was not privy to the details on how the three of them had met, how they ended up becoming friends, and what their friendship was like. Even so, as colleagues, as friends, the three of them should have interacted with each other in a close, naturally familiar manner. Now there was nary a trace left of those certain bonds.

When Rem’s Name had been eaten, and everyone had forgotten her existence, Subaru had thought there was nothing that existed in this world that was more sorrowful than that.

But, what about Julius’s current condition? The sensation of complete loss that invaded him from being abandoned by everyone in the world; if that were not sad, then what was?

Sadness was not something you could compare. But, even if it was, this was far too cruel.

Anastasia: […I guess it ain’t somethin’ like him bein’ a plain ol’ Royal Guard.]

Out of the blue, Anastasia’s words butted in between the painful first meeting of those friends.

She put a thoughtful expression across her gentle features, and licked her lips as she touched her jaw. Then, she pointed at Ricardo before then pointing at Julius,

Anastasia: [Julius-san was the one who brought back, on his shoulders, the grievously injured Ricardo. Straight after, we talked a bit about Ricardo’s treatment, then he immediately left sayin’ that he had to go and search for someone… I guess that’s why you reacted the way ya did, right?]

Julius: [Anastasia-sama…]

It was the second time master and servant met for the first time, a meeting that should not normally occur. Recalling the bitter memories of that time, Julius spoke out the name of his master with anguish on his face.

However, Anastasia did not even take notice of the presence of the quivering devotion that had been put into those words. She thought for a moment, and then raised one of her fingers.

Anastasia: [Julius-san’s Nameless case is a rather unusual one. We don’t know how many people in the city are in the same state, but mayhaps there’s a possibility that other people are like the unconscious Nameless, still yet to be identified. There’s no doubt that this, too, is a serious situation. Ain’t that right?]

Moving her gaze away from Julius, Anastasia directed the theme to the outline of the debate. It looked like the matter of Julius’s identity had been postponed as one of the problems that could not be resolved.

That was pretty unjust treatment for the current Julius, but Subaru was the only one in this place who could feel outraged by it.

Anastasia: [In light of these problems… I have a proposal, though, is that okay?]

Subaru: [A proposal?]

Subaru’s innermost feelings were put aside, and the attention of the conference was once again directed at Anastasia. Being the center of attention, Anastasia looked around the surroundings, before finally settling her gaze on Subaru and Julius.

Anastasia: [The victims of the Witch Cult… The victims of Lust, and those Nameless from Gluttony. Askin’ the Sin Archbishop in question for a solution for each of these is hopeless, are we in agreement with that?]

Kiritaka: [It would be difficult to force them to speak, in that sense, you are correct, I guess. But, an overly-pessimistic opinion could, on the contrary, result in clouding our view.]

Anastasia: [That doesn’t mean I’m thinkin’ about the worst either. But, there ain’t just one way to get an answer, I just wanted to say that.]

Subaru: [There’s a different way to get an answer?]

Subaru ended up parroting back Anastasia’s words without comprehending their meaning.

A different solution to asking the corresponding Sin Archbishops, who were the culprits behind the damage―― if such a way existed, it would probably be close to a Witch’s deal.

For a split second, a choice which Subaru must not make crossed his mind, in that, if it truly were the Witch of Greed, she would perhaps know the answer.

Emilia: [So, what do you mean? Please tell us clearly.]

However, Emilia asked Anastasia about the true meaning of her words in place of Subaru, who was busy shaking his head denying that idea. And then, whilst drumming her head with her fingers, Anastasia said,

Anastasia: [If we can’t get the information out of those crooked Sin Archbishops, then we oughta ask it to another person who may know―― such a person exists. Someone from this country, who may know a way.]

???: [There’s no way…]

Having guessed the meaning of Anastasia’s words, someone spoke that out in a hoarse voice.

However, unlike everyone else around him, who had realized what she was on about, Subaru had no idea what her statement meant.

Felt: [I don’t understand. Don’t put on airs, and say it clearly.]

Felt sulkily demanded that from Anastasia, her understanding the same as Subaru’s. Anastasia gave a wry smile to Felt’s words, and apologized with an “I’m sorry, I’m sorry”,

Anastasia: [――The Sage Shaula.]

Felt: [Ah?]

Anastasia: [The Pleiades Watchtower, if it’s the Sage who should be there… If they’re the person of legend who sees everythin’ in the world, it wouldn’t be strange if they knew, right?]

So she spoke, revealing the true intentions behind her proposal.