Translated by:

Nanashi

Proofread by:

PaperLightning

u/GracedHarperd

u/IceOccultism

Archbishop

Archbishop

Realigned by:

Archbishop, based on the comp by Archbishop

Art Source:

sakuraLCE

kiteflier18

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

ALL RIGHTS BELONG TO TAPPEI NAGATSUKI, THE ORIGINAL AUTHOR OF RE:ZERO STARTING A LIFE IN A DIFFERENT WORLD FROM ZERO, THIS IS A TRANSLATION OF THE FREE JAPANESE WEB NOVEL INTO ENGLISH

JAPANESE WEB NOVEL SOURCE

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

Yay

, this is Liliana, live from the scene!

Yesyes, currently we’re in the northern part of the City of Pristella! We’re engaging in a battle to capture one of the control towers——!

The four control towers were taken over by the Witch Cult! In order to recapture the towers, the most capable ones in the city have made their move, undertaking the challenge to capture all four simultaneously!

Amongst these warriors who did not pale in the slightest, for some reason, a mere cute musician such as myself actually joined the battle as well, how unexpected! However, retreat wasn’t to even be considered!

Well then, next up, introducing the crazy face who is going to be participating in this operation together alongside me, Liliana Masquerade――!!

Priscilla: [That face is just about sickening already. Present your neck beneath me. Once that head has been severed, that skull shall serve nicely as a candleholder.]

Alright, this is i~t! Merciless words and vicious tactics! But if that’s done, we’ll be finished too! I’ll die, so please have mercy!

Light dancing in those slender crimson eyes, the figure akin to a flame turning back! Even that difficult character was like the ever-changing form of flame, obviously dangerous to the touch!

Wielding the Yang Sword in one hand, was the champion of our offense and defense! Priscilla Bariel-sama!

Priscilla-sama crossed the ignited waterway by the side, in one breath waving the dazzling Yang Sword! Waving! Wavewavewaving!

Impact! Radiance! Sound! The one receiving it, was knocked back greatlyyy~!

But! Catching their step! And then glaring at Priscilla-sama!

???: [Aah, aah, aaaaaaaaaah! Really, really, really! Why is it that this one and that one and everyone are all bunched and coming together!? Do you mean to prevent me from encountering that person!? Agonizing, agonizing, how agonized I am! This heartbreak rends my chest! These violent feelings make my heart tremble! Such sadness cannot be contained——!]

What had appeared was——! A sobbing enraged lunatic wrapped in bandages, crying out while tears flowed and flowed!

Face covered in white bandages which looped and looped and looped and looped to cover eyes! Body completely covered in a cloak! In all honesty, their gender was indistinguishable, though from the voice, it was probably a woman! With that style of clothing giving away the identity of the woman, with dangerous thoughts she swung chains that looped and looped and looped and looped around her arms!

Both I and everyone else had already lost track of what that someone was saying, the Sin Archbishop of the Witch Cult representing Wrath, Sirius Romanée-Conti! Who had announced herself just now!

The covered face of the lunatic Sirius was overflowing with tears! Those tears seemed to be aflame, allowing tongues of flame to flutter around in the courtyard beneath the control tower! Such a connection! It was inexplicable!

And adding on to that, there was the presence of a white flame in the waterway, and people, people, people were crowding outside! A majority of the people who should have been hiding in the shelters on the north part of the city had gone out of their way, rushing to witness this battle—— Sike! Because, right now, everyone was tumbling about on the ground and sobbing! Just like the lunatic, Sirius! This was the power of Wrath, that which had spread chaos throughout the entire city——!

In the eyes of everyone who was sobbing and screaming, there was no trace of awareness! Should they be said to have been poisoned by emotion, or intoxicated by emotion, or manipulated by emotion, or tormented by emotion as playthings, it was something like that! It’s incredibly clear, watery, crystaline what would happen if they were left alone, so trying a little harder here would be good, wouldn’t it!?

Liliana: [Uhhh, uhhhhh… Come, come on now, this certainly is a big stage, once in a lifetime!]

Atop a high platform! From above, I surveyed what lay burning below this stage, the still-sobbing audience, and the actors who sparked sparks as if driven mad, and again I raised and raised my voice on the stage.

In all honesty, because I had left the vicinity of Priscilla-sama’s very powerful feeling, just now, my chest had been pierced endlessly as if attacked with sorrow and despondency and loneliness, but don’t think that I’d stop my steps, smooth my fingers, or lose my breath to the burning flames for that sort of reason!

Being forced to feel something like agony happens all the time when exposed to such songs, so I was not going to be discouraged if the waves were a bit high!

Last but not least, I would like to introduce every last one of these people to the last member of this nutty group, to the one who played a leading ro~le!

Liliana: [Come, come, those far away, come listen to the sound! Those close by, come watch the dance! Those even further away, I’ll raise my voice so you can hear! Liliana Masquerade is here to sing and dance and perform for you, so listen well! ——The Sky Overtaking the Morning Glow!]

Placing delicate yet bold force into the fingers which played the Lyulyre, throat opening to reach as far as possible, to have echoes reverberate close by, borrowing from the world sounds and rhythms, I started playing——!

But well before that! Let’s go back for only a fraction of time, to recall how this situation came to be!

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

Liliana: [So, sosososo, Priscilla-sama! Uh, is that really fine?]

Priscilla: [To what do you refer?]

As usual, Priscilla-sama’s steps did not slow in the slightest.

Chasing that figure, I hurriedly called out. No~, ri~ght. Although clearly the next step was to contend with a Sin Archbishop, the only one who had been brought alongside was in fact me!

Was this it? At the beginning of the beginning of the beginning, this wasn’t what I’d planned on.

After the Witch Cult’s third broadcast, Natsuki Subaru-sama had made a, how to describe it, not firm, yet leaving imprints in the heart, well, anyway, a broadcast with that kind of feeling. And we had regrouped with those in the City Hall!

There, I was told that Kiritaka-san’s safety was in an uncertain state, and something resembling worry formed in my heart, but something even more shocking was revealed there!

After all, Lust was not the only Sin Archbishop that had come to Pristella. Just one Sin Archbishop would’ve been enough of a disaster, and there were in fact four! And the four would each occupy one tower, that was already strange enough.

Who was it that’d spread some news such as the Witch Cult being a group of deviants without commanders and unable to function as a group? Wasn’t this a perfect example of teamwork? And wasn’t this the result of that?

Was the only fitting part the one about them being deviants? It can’t be~, that’s simply scary——!

Butbut, gathered on our side were the candidates of the Royal Selection!

Though some of those valuable people present had suffered injuries in a prior battle, in the eyes of those who were planning on retaking the city there lay no cloudiness! And because of that, all that remained was to send all those people filled with energy off.

Priscilla: [——With myself, and the singer as well, there is nothing to fear.]

Suddenlysuddenly, as I had entrusted myself to the inspiration of Kiritaka-san’s requiem, I heard myself being referred to by Priscilla-sama!

Wasn’t it that I would be brought to the midst of the battle against the Sin Archbishop of Wrath?

Nono, I bravely argued for her to reconsider, that it would be very unreasonable—— but with a frigid attitude, as if she’d forgotten those hours we’d just spent together, Priscilla-sama stabbed and stabbed at me with provoking words.

To receive words to such an extent, how could this be, I was merely a woman. A bard.

And what was more, shrinking back wasn’t an option, having been told that this Wrath had been the one who had spread discord throughout the city.

Originally, Priscilla-sama had brought me to use the magical device in the City Hall to spread my song to all those in the city. But since that goal had been overtaken by Subaru-sama’s speech, my turn to take to the stage was spoiled, and I was left with a feeling of defeat…

Should there be another chance to face Wrath, that would make the perfect opportunity to do battle once again. Rather, this was the re-opening of a war that had ended without battle, a battle of revenge that the opponent was unaware of.

Something like that, wouldn’t it practically make someone ignite?

Liliana: [Excellent! This woman, Liliana! On the stage, under Priscilla-sama’s order, with the Lyulyre and this throat, will sing with beauty!]

Tada~! And I made a big show of it.

As Priscilla-sama and Al-sama focused on the battle with Wrath, I would, from behind, immerse those who had been affected by Wrath’s incomprehensible power in song. A perfect setup!

That was what I had thought would be the case. Alright, and with that, the scene returns to the exchange from earlier. To Priscilla-sama, responding to my shameful voice with “To what do you refer?” Rightright, of course she’d say that.

Liliana: [Why did you leave Al-sama back at the City Hall? With only two women, one being the adorable me and the other being the beautiful Priscilla-sama, don’t you think this is too much?]

Priscilla: [It is not. I alone would already be surplus to begin with. After all, this is a state of affairs so lacking in available personnel that even I must act. To have me be pressed into making a casual effort, those of the Witch Cult must believe themselves to be on the verge of victory.]

Liliana: […? I really don’t understand what you’re sa~—— Hk! Priscilla-sama is amazing!]

Having only received a sideways glare from Priscilla-sama, the place that was glared at seared with pain! An illusion? Was it an illusion!? Was it from feeling Priscilla-sama’s burning passion from so up close that my body was already conditioned by her!?

Priscilla: [It should be as you have heard. As long as a signal is sent to the control tower, certainly one of them shall aim for the vacant headquarters. And when that happens, they shall be able to do whatever they may so desire to those left… Although that merchant seems to have realized so.]

Liliana: [Ah, and so you spoke to Anastasia-sama before leaving.]

Priscilla: [Although it appears that the option of taking only the magical device, and hiding in a shelter with the other non-combatants was considered… Since the Witch Cult will be arriving either way, to choose to greet them with battle would be best. The one to return shall presumably be Lust, but with Al around, something may be managed.]

Liliana: [Ah, so that’s how it is… Al-sama does indeed seem trusted!]

As I listened to Priscilla-sama’s words, after nodding another glare was given!

But just then I hadn’t done any wrong! Becausebecause, something like leaving an ally at a place where the enemy would try to force their way in was certainly something that couldn’t be done without trust.

Priscilla: [Do not carelessly speak of trust and reliance. Although I shall not deny being supported by Al and Schult. Although that man does indeed play the part of a fool, he is in fact a useful man. Although he is a card drawn in my hand for his eccentric exterior, placing him beside myself does not serve as an impediment.]

With a derisive sound, Priscilla-sama spoke in a low voice, as if bored.

In truth, such words should be directed toward one’s foremost Knight-sama, and in the end, the degree of warmth in the evaluation of a trusted partner was zero, but why was this? Those words clearly contained only their superficial meanings and feelings, but for what reason did it feel as if just that were enough?

Liliana: [Because evaluations for others are so low that those evaluated as normal feels like they’re evaluated greatly, is it an issue of distribution…?]

Priscilla: [You shan’t need to attempt understanding my mannerisms. Regarding solely the results is fine. Nor do I request of you to understand. What I do request of you, is solely what I acknowledge.]

Liliana: [S-something of mine can be regarded as useful to the point of being acknowledged…?]

Priscilla: [It can be said to be useful to the point of being valuable enough to be brought alongside me. You have an obligation to respond to my expectations.]

Uhyiiii, merely being regarded like that made it a serious responsibility indeed!

Or, well, that is, in any case, setting that aside, I had just noticed something.

In the meeting in the City Hall just now, Priscilla-sama had indeed been referring to me as “you”, “you”, “you”, leading to a feeling of distance suddenly being drawn, but now her referral had changed back to “you”. Could this be…? [1]

Liliana: [A special side you show only to those you deem amiable, ju~st kidding… Uhyiiiiiii!]

I clutched at my head, hiding from Priscilla-sama’s searing gaze. Hu~u, I had learned from these past several hours. How should it be put, that it was Priscilla-sama’s, something like the atmosphere? Such subtle changes in Priscilla-sama, were all keenly caught by my sensitive ears, skin, etcetera…

Liliana: [Hmm? The anticipated sharp rebuke did not strike? How is it possible, for this Liliana’s expectation to be off…]

Priscilla: [Despite still being in the middle of this small play, interest in your farce extends only so far.]

Liliana: [Ah, back to calling me “you”…] [2]

Had distance once again been created with that? As I held such slightly despondent feelings, I raised my head to understand. Ah, understood, this wasn’t the time to play around with me.

At some point in time, we had reached our destination, the control tower. Well then, the control tower had a slight problem, it conflicted a tiny bit with what I knew——

Liliana: [Did you know, Priscilla-sama? According to my report on Pristella, the control tower shouldn’t be something that would randomly go up in flames.]

Priscilla: [Indeed. Despite being a decoration I do approve of, to one’s regret, the director of this performance is beyond crude. This burning, scorching and searing would indeed raise spirits, but enjoyment cannot be derived from such shoddiness.]

Although Priscilla-sama was the very picture of composure, I could not regard this so coolly.

The northern control tower, that stalwart tower surrounded by various waterways, its entire structure was at this moment engulfed in flame. Since the tower was made of stone, it wasn’t supposed to be something that could be so easily set aflame. Ah, inspiration was about to come.

Liliana: [Inspiration flashes. Baked Stone Tower and Baked Yams… Would you like to hear it?]

Priscilla: [If you would prefer having that as your last mark in this world, then by all means sing it. One slip-up, and that shall become reality. Mediocrity, banality, commonness, if my glory is being relied upon then treat it with proper care, a group of fools can accomplish nothing. Do not expect me to be so merciful as to treat fools who harm themselves with mercy.]

Suddenly showing a face of severity! Was this an indication that Priscilla-sama had entered a state of preparing for battle?

That’s right, that’s right. Watching the burning control tower made the pressure increase. Thenthen, welcoming the two of us, the one welcoming us, was a freak standing before the tower consumed in flame, arms spread open! With this, there was no possibility that we had the wrong person.

???: [――My apologies, for having troubled you to come all the way here. Thank you.]

The bandaged freak’s first sentence was unexpectedly placid, as if being considerate of us.

That combined with the hands, having been spread open from the beginning, and the manner in which it bowed its head, for some reason, gave off a rather charming air. Was this

gap

? Something like that? [3]

Sirius: [Although this is perhaps a little too much for a landmark, but since the functions of the city were halted tonight, it feels as if there is a lack of light, does it not? To become lost in the dark, or to slip into a waterway by losing your footing, would be quite dangerous, and thus I tried to light a fire for light.]

That was an excellent idea, bandaged freak, nono, that was rude. Let’s go with bandage-san. Bandage-san informed us of the reason for that fire.

Mmm, so that was it… To be touched couldn’t be helped. The city known as the Watergate City of Pristella was certainly filled with waterways. And to be reminded to be careful when making nighttime expeditions was common. Especially when leaving to go to somewhere like a back alley. On the other hand, the main roads were equipped with backup illumination because of nighttime travel, but even so, the waterways held a high degree of danger.

Hu~u, that someone from elsewhere could in fact recognize that, and pay attention and care for such aspects of Pristella’s like this, led to some lingering feeling of happiness.

Ah, no, it wasn’t that Pristella was some kind of hometown to me at all, to stand as a representative of Pristella and feel grateful would be rather strange indeed. Eh, since I’d seen Kiritaka-san do a lot of things related to the management of the city, seeing the efforts of someone you’re acquainted with pay off wasn’t dissatisfying in the least. Fufufu~.

Sirius: [But, everyone within this city is pretty amazing. Although this perhaps sounds like a selfish opinion, the reaction to an emergency situation arising was truly excellent. Adults helping children, men helping women, husbands helping wives, elder brothers helping younger sisters, elder sisters helping younger brothers, even strangers helping those weaker than them. This spirit of mutual aid is ingrained deep in their bones. Upon seeing those figures rushing into shelters, I could not help but feel that the sight of mutual support truly is excellent.]

Clangclang. Upon closer inspection, those were sounds made by chains wrapped around Bandage-san’s two arms. According to Subaru-sama, those seemed to be Bandage-san’s weapons, but looking at them like this, weren’t they rather fashionable? The oversized coat that Bandage-san wore over her body… Thinking of it as a deliberate dress sense, it wasn’t that bad… Mhm, that wasn’t bad at all!

Bandage-san’s tone was very polite, but that voice was a little, what was it, strange? High though it was, there was a subtle feeling of fakeness that someone who worked with voices for a living couldn’t overlook, but that didn’t detract very much at all!

Looking at it realistically, well, couldn’t it be said that saying more was unnecessary?!

Liliana: [This is a relief, Priscilla-sama. Seems this is an opponent who can be communicated with smoothly. Considering the situation, if Priscilla-sama’s mood is poor, you would have a harder time communica―― Ahhhh, my eyes, ahhhhhh――!?]

My eyes were burning! Ahhhh, fire spun into my eyes!

My eyes, my eyes would melt! Would melt and become incapable of seeing the lovely sights of this world!

Liliana: [Ahhh, damn it… If I’d known this would happen, I would’ve burned the look of those beauties in the City Hall thoroughly into my eyes…!]

Priscilla: [Fool. Raise your head. Do not become so casually engulfed and lead me to become disappointed.]

Hearing Priscilla’s warm voice that wasn’t warm at all, I tightened my face, blinked and raised my head. Ah, wonderful, eyes were still intact. I could still see the world, I could see it all. Could see the red Priscilla-sama, and the white Bandage-san.

Really now, Priscilla-sama was directing her usual severe expression toward Bandage-san. Bandage-san with gentle movements tilted her head to such a gaze. Ohhh, in this case Priscilla-sama was totally in the wrong.

Liliana: [Priscilla-sama, you can’t. You can’t treat everyone, no matter who, with that manner of regarding them as if they were an undisciplined dog. So, on account of my flat chest and face, on account, of, my flat chest… put on a manner of negotiation…]

Ehhhh~, why was this? For some reason tears felt on the verge of falling.

But that was fine. If this attitude of mine, facing the reality of my own flat chest, could become a bridge which connected Priscilla-sama and Bandage-san’s spirits, then I would swallow down my tears!

Liliana: [Come, on behalf of my flat chest, reach out your hands…!]

Sirius: [Indeed, this is something wonderful. I am in accord with that girl’s kindness. People are able to mutually communicate, mutually understand, mutually experience. Face warmth with warmth, kindness with kindness, love with love! Doing precisely that will yield happiness.]

Liliana: [I~! That’s what I was thinking too! Indeed, this is in fact love, isn’t it? Priscilla-sama, it’s love! Even though I can’t deny that I’ve been swept along by how it sounds, but going with the flow has its own flavor! Hey, this is the Watergate City, a city filled with flowing waterways! Hey, hey!]

Priscilla: [————]

Bandage-san’s words, one-by-one, struck my heart. Uwu, it stung, it stung.

Seeing that Bandage-san and I shared the same thoughts, Priscilla-sama’s stubborn determination accordingly crumbled, revealing to us… a sour expression?

Priscilla: [To reach such an extent, I must admit that I made an underestimation. There’s no other way.]

Liliana: [Huh——? Priscilla-sama, why would you have that expression…]

Priscilla-sama, who had placed a hand on her brow in thought, sighed. That sighing figure could have made a lovely portrait, but she immediately moved in front of me as if having figured something out.

Since my stature could be considered rather petite, and Priscilla-sama wore tall heels, I could only gaze upward at her as she stood before me. Oh, what’s with this sudden closeness?

Liliana: [Priscilla-safu~u.]

Priscilla: [————]

After feeling Priscilla-sama’s chest shoving from the front, those white fingers firmly grasped my neck and chin. Then, Priscilla-sama’s precious face, drawing closer, met mine. Or rather, lips met lips eeeeeh——!?

Liliana: [Mmh——! Mmmmmh——! Mmmmmmmmmmmh——!]

Slapslap, beatbeat, with face bright red I resisted desperately with all my might. But the force that held me down was overwhelming, and the pressing lips were too soft, really, what was this!?!?

Ah, huh, waitasec, flowing in from Priscilla-sama’s lips was something searingly lewd, ahi, hiii, ahu.

Liliana: […Hk, ah.]

The heat ceaselessly flowing forth led to dizziness, and before I knew it, I had already slumped to the ground. Priscilla-sama gave me not a second glance, as she ran her crimson tongue over her lips.

Priscilla: [Well, that should be sufficient.]

Like this, like this, like this, speaking to, to provokeprovokeprovokeprovoke!

I forcefully rubbed my moist eyelids, placing force onto my waist that had been stripped of all its strength to stand. Really now, Priscilla-sama, just now, ahhhh, I want to lodge a complaint!

Liliana: [P-Priscilla-sama, just now, what was that!? Please, please take responsibility. To have been forced into such a thing, I can’t be wedded off now——!]

Priscilla: [The same would go for I, who allowed our mouths to touch. Using your first time as an excuse is your prerogative, but is it not true that, thanks to this, you were given a chance to restore your sense of reason?]

Liliana: [Eh? A chance to restore my sense of reason…]

After, after trampling upon the purity of another, Priscilla-sama still had an air of indifference. Did she think that doing whatever to a bard was fine? Sob, sob.

Priscilla: [How effeminate. Well, raise your head, look at that person.]

Liliana: [Sobsobsob, eh?]

With the weakness of a woman who would obey those words I raised my head, and saw, in their original positions, Priscilla-sama and Bandage-san, no, huh, Bandage-san?

Nonono, how was this possible? Why had I not felt any discomfort, so kindly calling that person Bandage-san? Inexplicable, utterly inexplicable!

Sirius: [Both women and yet they… Although, there are such forms. Although the form of everyone’s love differs, even if directed differently, they will still love the same amount. In fact, that is the splendor of the emotions that makes humans humans…]

Priscilla: [—―Cease this ridiculous farce. How nauseous.]

Watching Priscilla-sama and I, that bandaged freak pressed her hands to her face as she droned on, but those words made me feel discontent rapidly.

Words, attitudes, gestures that up until now seemed to be trustworthy no matter the conditions, after having been able to accept with normalcy the situation that had been prepared by the bandaged freak, so suddenly were reversed.

No, setting the tower alight to serve as a light because of the darkness couldn’t have been possible, to regard those lightly dark-red and dirtied chains as fashionable was entirely an error, and lastly, the evaluation of those of the shelters truly evoked disgust! Just who did you think had made this happen!?

Priscilla: [Although there are many in this world who immerse themselves in the pleasure of enumerating exceedingly shallow theories, even amongst those your self-absorption is extreme. To call you a clown would not fit your repulsiveness, to call you a fool would not befit your strength… Value in your continued survival is impossible to find.]

Sirius: [Oh my, oh my my, oh my my my, is that so? Thank you for your consideration, my apologies? With gratitude, apologies. Apparently, it is difficult for my words to reach you… But, this does happen from time to time.]

Priscilla: [My, rather reasonable. Are you willing to hurry and present your neck yet?]

Sirius: [Indeed, of course. Exhausting speech for the sake of mutual understanding is also an important ceremony for humans to establish relationships between them. Similarly, not long after, hearts will soften and merge into one. Love will thus become one, will become as one, will work hard to become one. Love is exalted, all along I have been taught thus, and all along have lived as thus!]

Liliana: [Uwaaah! Although the realization was a bit late, I just realized, that was the first time I kissed someone!]

Priscilla: [Solely the existence of this burning tower to welcome me is deserving of the merit of praise.]

Wow! Although to me it was a little bit eh, but now, dialogue hadn’t been established in the slightest bit!

Calling to the bandaged freak who all along felt like she was incapable of listening to reason, Priscilla-sama strode forth to make her own way, and I had been left disoriented from the attack on my lips! Hey, wasn’t I completely unnecessary?

Priscilla: [You are needed after this. The mouth-to-mouth was for that reason.]

Liliana: [Please stop reminding me of it! Also, please try not to glance this way. It somewhat feels like when Priscilla-sama looks over, my chest goes badump…]

Priscilla: [That the result was too effective can also be considered a problem. My beauty is indeed a thing of sin.]

Beside me as I tried to endure the thumping, Priscilla-sama sighed in melancholy. That profile felt lovely to the point of being painful… Eeeeeeh, it’s not the time to say such things. Priscilla-sama had from the start been filled with tenacity, yet the opposing bandaged freak showed no signs of backing down, and so, battle was certain! And were I to stay here, I’d be a liability!

Liliana: [Is-isn’t it best if I back away a little?]

Priscilla: [Well then, let us see.]

Hey, why are you messing with someone to such an extent.

And then, as soon as I thought that, something happened. My keen and well-shaped ears caught sounds. Were those footsteps? Those were footsteps, without doubt. And not only without doubt, those footsteps were not only one pair, they were many… No, they went beyond many to excessive! Excessively excessive!

Priscilla: [So that’s it, have you gathered all the humans nearby and converged them here?]

Sirius: [All those people are in accord with my love. Although sometimes there are stubborn people like you present, but as the saying goes, “once rainwater falls into a waterway, all differences vanish”. If you surrendered your heart, your perspectives would change as well.]

Were you to mix yourself with the rainwater, you would unexpectedly contaminate it—— although the proverb meant something like this, now was not the time for such idle leisure!

The burning control tower! Surrounded on all sides by waterways! Facing each other in the square in front of the control tower! And the large crowd peering over at us from the other side of the waterway!

The number of people was really big. Certainly not on the scale of the Convention Center, which had merely one or two hundred people! This was a thousand, or perhaps even more? Indeed, that many people did surround us, and although saying this is very impolite, they glared at us with dangerous gazes! This was to say, was this the state of having one’s soul completely overtaken by Wrath that Subaru-sama had described!?

Priscilla: [It should first be mentioned, that you, just now, were wearing the same expression as those commoners over there.]

Liliana: [Uweeeh, really!? How terrifying! Ah! Butbut, in that case, if Priscilla-sama were to kiss each one of them, everyone would recover their consciousness, right!? If Priscilla-sama’s lips aren’t taken care of they’ll swell, ahhh――!]

Priscilla: [Who would give charity without regard to who is receiving it? Would you like to be burned away starting from your rear, you?]

A turn of events that resulted in being burned rear-first! To choose the wrong response would mean death! This condition was ridiculously disadvantageous to someone like me, who often ranted without thinking!

Priscilla: [In any case, that is your role. For what purpose did you think I brought you here? To forsake your own duties and beg assistance from me should yield shame.]

Liliana: [No, but, this is, I understand the reason, but——]

With this volume of people who had gone insane, without sufficient preparation a song could be sung. And if the performance took place before her, that bandaged freak would presumably try to put an end to it.

Priscilla: [Thus, I shall take the stage.]

As I retreated and squirmed, Priscilla-sama spoke as if exasperated.

No, although I would admit that Priscilla-sama was incredible, against such a crowd… Huh, wait, until now, somehow, I had this idea of “Priscilla-sama is incredible!”, but was Priscilla-sama truly so incredible?

Although I had seen the sight of her palm slamming away a fairly fit young man with a “pow”, but aside from that, there weren’t any such memories of such feats! Ehhh~, on that note, even if Wrath were the only opponent, had following along truly been the right decision?

Sirius: [You mustn’t. Clearly the relationship between the two of you is close to the point of sharing a kiss, so efforts to reach mutual understanding should take place to achieve greater closeness. As long as desires become one, thoughts will be able to connect. Just like the many people surrounding this courtyard, you will become one!]

As the bandaged freak stomped her feet, so did everyone surrounding the courtyard. This behavior, having been repeated by a thousand people without a sliver of disorder, was no different from the ground rumbling.

That was a force which made the courtyard quake, the surface of the water sway, the already ignited tower seem to tilt… Whether or not this was love could be contested, but this was without doubt a threat!

If that large gathering approached as one in an attempt to capture us——

Sirius: [Come. You, too, will be enveloped by love, will experience the ecstasy of becoming one——!]

Eh, gyahhh! As soon as I said it, it actually started happening! It’s over! A thousand people against two, this was a disparity in numbers that would be ridiculous even in a truly heroic tale…!

With a sound like a roar of rage, the crowd swarmed forth as one. Ignoring the borders of the waterways, like a horde of corpses they came for our virgin bodies——! Uwah! Father, Mother, Kiritaka-san, apologies! Places aside from Liliana’s lips would be deflowered now as well!

Liliana: [If I’d known this would happen, then I would’ve, unrestrainedly with Kiritaka-san…]

Priscilla: [Whether the pessimistic you, or that optimistic bunch, each and every one of you, just who do you think I am?]

Liliana: [Eh?]

Priscilla-sama moved to my front, as I despaired. Before it had even been noticed, wielded in Priscilla-sama’s hand was a shining crimson blade—— the Yang Sword. That which had already been radiant enough when seen at the Convention Center during the day, in this nighttime, with the sun extinguished, exuded a shiver-inducing beauty.

Almost as if it had revived the sun that should have fallen——

Priscilla: [To tremble from my blade’s terrifying glare is correct. This is the original flame, the flame which had first lit the seat of the Emperor—— Although my belief is that this scarlet radiance is not the same as what you lot recognize.]

Liliana: [————]

Having spoken solemnly, Priscilla-sama flew upward while wielding the Yang Sword.

That was an action which could only be described as flight. It had clearly appeared to be only a light leap, yet she moved with such agility that it was as if she had become the wind. Approaching the edge of the waterway before the crowd wildly surging forward, Priscilla-sama directed the tip of the Yang Sword to the water’s surface.

And following right afterwards,

Liliana: [——!?]

Before my eyes, a wall of crimson rose—— No, that was flame, a wall of flame.

The licks of the fire were so red that they even appeared to be white. As if to reject any description of ‘wavering’, mournful light scattered forth, proving how terrifying that heat was.

That which was being scorched was the waterway, even the surface of the water itself. Water which should have been fire’s natural opposing enemy, water which should have been the opposite of fire, this was a sight which overturned such natural notions.

The flame of Priscilla-sama’s Yang Sword could ignite even water.

And in addition—— all of the waterways surrounding the courtyard, simultaneously!

Sirius: [This is…]

Before the sight which did not belong to this world, the bandaged freak—— No, let’s stop that at once. Wrath, indeed, even Wrath was lost for words. This couldn’t be described by words like “smoldering”, but flame did exist. It stopped the steps of the crowd attempting to cross the waterway, nailing them in place.

That was a matter of course. That moths fly into a flame was nature’s decree, but humans held wisdom and instinct that was capable of resisting such an end.

Priscilla: [Even if solely in form, your use of love as an excuse to name this not as dominance became a critical weakness. If this is a force that can be overcome by obeying one’s instinct, something of this degree could never stop someone in their steps.]

Taking anew a stance with the Yang Sword, like that, Priscilla-sama ridiculed the silent Wrath. Ridicule, mockery, derision, contempt—— that was all I could say, you malicious expression of beauty.

Ahhh, something so important, I had overlooked. I had all along only been watching Priscilla-sama’s dashing expression of severity, although that was beautiful in its own right, indeed it could not compare.

Clearly, there could be nothing more beautiful than this malice, which yielded a beauty that caused shivers.

Priscilla: [Even if free will is curbed, if instinct is not restrained as well, this is precisely what you shall see. Seems as if no one is willing to go to the extent of being consumed by flame, which speaks loudly of the love that you speak of.]

Sirius: [————]

Priscilla: [This is the result of the cheap love that you have pronounced. Such a scene is precisely what is defined as “ridiculous”, Sin Archbishop. How truly incapable you are of measuring up to that exaggerated title.]

With mockery, with momentum, Priscilla-sama continuously chastised the silent Wrath.

My hands couldn’t help but moisten with sweat, gaze flicking over to the scene. The thought of whether Priscilla-sama was truly so incredible, which had persisted until now, had been completely swept away.

Priscilla-sama was incredible! Priscilla-sama was powerful!

Priscilla: [In the end, expressions such as “love becomes one” are mere superficiality. My peerless self is at the very peak, and thus, no matter how much you struggle, commoners like you could never become one with me.]

Wahhh, Priscilla-sama was amazing! Although she was amazing, but huh, wasn’t this situation weird?

Priscilla: [Even if you are capable of approaching me, to catch up with me is absolutely impossible. The love that you speak of has already been defeated, has it not? And thus, ranting of becoming one is naught but wild words.]

Liliana: [Uhm, Priscilla-sama, it’s about time…]

Priscilla: [Even as a misconception, to become one is far too erroneous. Born as something else, and wanting to become one is a denial of the self. Why would something you yourself lack have any value when drawn closer? What is flawed is the entire premise, and to act according to this incorrectness is to exist in commonness—— Something so vulgar.]

Liliana: [Uwaaah! Why such an absolute rejection!?]

Oh no! Clearly because blood had rushed to the head! Clearly!

Even if Priscilla-sama’s blood had rushed to her head, perhaps she was still able to do something, but for someone insignificant like me, the preference would be for you to refrain from doing this, and end it as quickly as possible!

Perhaps she had noticed, for Wrath, being faced with Priscilla-sama’s words, had wordlessly bowed her head, immersed in silence. Well, to have been met with so many arrogant words, anyone would be infuriated. Talking back felt like it would bring a multitude of words in response, so even infuriated, silence would be kept.

It could be said this had turned to be entirely uncomfortable, so if possible, if Priscilla-sama could just beat down on Wrath-san and call it a victory, that’d be a relief.

Priscilla: [Fool. To do so would mean everyone but myself would be bisected, is that not correct? Although the sight of a city stained red with blood would be appealing to see at least once, there is no need to bring it about in my country. Well then, this first opportunity should be delayed, and likewise, you should fulfill your use.]

Ah—— right, that was the case. In the first place, that was my duty.

Being under the influence of Wrath, the pain and even wounds inflicted on that person would be shared by others. My song was required precisely for being rid of such a condition.

Liliana: [After seeing the actual scene, I’ve actually become quite unsettled, so who knows if my song will actually work!]

Priscilla: [If unwilling, your head, and those of that crowd, are free to fall alongside that being’s. If you feel that such a scene is best avoided, without fail, place your heart into song.]

I continued to clutch the Lyulyre, shrinking back now that such heights of responsibility had been cast upon me. The burning waterway was keeping the crowd away, yet the crowd remained as hostages, and the method to free them was my song! Priscilla-sama’s duty was——?

Liliana: [So that’s to say, that’s to say, until I’ve used my song to sway the captivated crowd, Priscilla-sama’s duty is to keep me from dying, isn’t that how it feels!?]

Priscilla: [If you die, well, all that’s left is to sever their heads as soon as possible. Best to think of it as all their lives being wrapped around your throat.]

Liliana: [Ukya——!]

Priscilla: [Such slow understanding. Now then… Hm.]

After I had covered my face and cried out loudly, Priscilla-sama’s expression changed. Priscilla-sama now regarded Wrath, who had maintained her silence until now, with brows frowned,.

With an uneasy premonition, I snuck a peek in that direction through the gaps in my fingers.

Sirius: [——How amusing.]

Liliana: [Eh?]

Sirius: [How amusing, such joy. Perhaps this should be called delight. No, perhaps it is not possible to name this ascendant feeling in my heart.]

Speaking with a low voice, languidly, Wrath raised her face. On that face obscured by bandages, impassioned and assertive eyes swept back and forth. They gazed at Priscilla-sama, at the wall of flame, at me, wait no, please, don’t look at me!

Sirius: [My apologies, I was scattered for a moment there. However, thank you. I have awoken. You are correct, expressions such as “desiring to effortlessly achieve understanding” were far too selfish.]

Was that a smile and laugh? The monster’s mouth split open horizontally, revealing a smile which showed white teeth, the monster laughed. Intimately, as if welcoming a friend or family, having been rejected like that, and despite that!

Sirius: [Please allow me to once more introduce myself. I am a Sin Archbishop of the Witch Cult, representing Wrath, Sirius Romanée-Conti. I do hope my affairs can be taken to heart.]

She bowed, politely giving a greeting.

And then the bandaged freak—— the monster, Sirius, undid the chains on her arm. Rotating wrists, untying bondage, lengthening the reach of the chain, the chains rotated, slashing through air, layer upon layer of metallic sounds becoming malice itself, cutting through the atmosphere.

Even so, the monster wore a smile.

Sirius: [This is the Ordeal! Indeed, this is without doubt, the Ordeal! In this city, in which I reunited with my husband once again, to meet him once more, to express love in words, the Ordeal has descended upon me! The correctness of my love is proven by fate, which had me meet that person once more! You are the Ordeal that stands in the way of that!!] [4]

With a ringing voice, with the flourish of a maiden in love, the monster ceaselessly waved her chains, shortening the distance to here in one breath. Ohno ohno, just being brushed would mean death for me.

Priscilla: [Quell the crowd, that creature’s opponent shall be me. At the very least, do not perform anything insolent.]

Liliana: [Uwah? Priscilla-sama!?]

Priscilla: [You are to prepare your song—— Should a shadow fall across the Yang Sword, I shall, no matter what, sever that abomination’s head. And so, before that happens.]

Even the limit she gave was arbitrary——!

As if not hearing a trace of my words, Priscilla-sama and the monster Sirius exchanged opening blows, beginning their battle!

Listening to the fierce collisions of chain and sword, I thought that I had to at least do something. Rather than calling it a sense of responsibility, it was more like being urged onward by some indistinct feeling, but in any case I began running toward the wall of flame on the waterway. Hopelessly.

Run faster! Damn it, I hadn’t even though of anything!

Liliana: [And so for now, please listen for a moment—— Hoshin of the Wilderness, uhhhhh, hot!?]

Nearing the boundary of the waterway, I had prepared to whisk those in hearing range into a whirl of song, but immediately upon drawing close, my face was destroyed by flame!

It can’t! Really can’t! Although forcefully trying to put on the air of a performance, Priscilla-sama’s wall of flame was beyond hot! Extremely hot! Hotter than was normal!

But without drawing close to this extent, no one would be able to see for real!

Liliana: [Owww, hothothot——! My hands will be scorched! If my throat or lungs are burned, this battle will be lost… Wait, huh?]

Having been licked by a tongue of flame, while regretting my carelessness for having gotten my face that scorched beyond repair, I discovered that the hands that should have been swallowed by fire were unharmed… Or rather, even the wooden Lyulyre hadn’t been destroyed by the blaze, which was to say?

Liliana: [This… is no ordinary fire…?]

Nono, from the start it’d been evident that this was no ordinary fire, but this seemed to be one which did not burn? Although the heat was scorching, it would not burn?

In that case, then this! Would be crossed through in no time, wouldn’t it!? What was this!? Was this a bluffing imitation of a fire, only meant to scare people off!?

Coming along was indeed a failure of a decision—— Ah!!

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

Link to Art

Translation Notes:

[1] – Priscilla was calling her the arrogant “kisama” (貴様) again in the City Hall, which was different from before (going around the shelters), but after the City Hall, Priscilla calls her the more polite “sonata” (そなた). Man, this difference really translates poorly in English.

[2] – Back to the arrogant “kisama” (貴様).

[3] – As in, “gap moe”. In this case, merely a contradiction in exhibited characteristics, or contrast, really.

[4] – Albeit the Kanji used is the same as the one used for Echidna’s Trials, I am using Ordeal out of my own wish to distinguish them somehow, much like was done for Pete’s “試練” in Arc 4 Chapter 72.