Translated By:

Ice (/u/Archbishop)

Graced (/u/Gracedharperd)

Proofread By:

Shiftyfish (/u/Shiftyfish87)

Setowi (/u/Setowi)

Archbishop

Realigned by:

Archbishop, based on the comp by Archbishop

※※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

ALL RIGHTS BELONG TO TAPPEI NAGATSUKI, THE ORIGINAL AUTHOR OF RE:ZERO STARTING A LIFE IN A DIFFERENT WORLD FROM ZERO, THIS IS A TRANSLATION OF THE FREE JAPANESE WEB NOVEL INTO ENGLISH

JAPANESE WEB NOVEL SOURCE

※※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

After ending his conversation with Wilhelm, Subaru quietly felt relieved.

Along with Garfiel, the two of them that should have been tasked with Lust―― They were supposed to be the combination which should have had the most difficult fight.

In actuality, Lust had abandoned her control tower, and it had been Wilhelm’s wife, Thearesia, along with the former hero, Kurgan, who had ended up blocking their path. However, it was already confirmed that there were no casualties in these three spots.

Subaru: [――――]

Of course, Garfiel and Wilhelm should have much to reflect on.

In fact, Garfiel had spoken about the reservations he had left, and it was easy to imagine that wounds too difficult to express in words lay within Wilhelm’s heart.

And yet, even so.

Subaru was happy that the two of them had returned safe and sound after finishing up their battles.

If there had been casualties amongst his acquaintances, Subaru had resigned himself that he may have ended up having to use his Return by Death. That was why he had been relieved that the two of them had survived without him needing to use it.

However, the sense of relief he had gotten from the fact that they had not died was also connected to another conviction of his.

Namely that he would not have to once again depend on an unnatural power like his Return by Death.

He had made full use of his Return by Death, and challenged things many times to try and secure a better future. After depending so much on that power, at this point, maybe he could not speak ill of it, however it was for this reason.

It was a conclusion that only Subaru could reach, precisely because it was Subaru who had died many times, and each time, he had overturned the future.

To begin with, something like Return by Death should have been unnecessary.

Surely there was a way to secure the future he wanted, even without his Return by Death. Like right now, a time when everyone had worked with each other for the same objective, as to secure that.

Emilia: [Subaru, was Wilhelm-san okay…?]

Coming out to greet Subaru, who had returned, Emilia asked about the wisened swordsman who had been standing in a corner of the shelter. To her words, Subaru jerked his chin into a nod, without looking back,

Subaru: [Yeah, I think he’s alright. He’s wounded quite a bit, but… it seems like he managed to take care of the wounds within his heart, which were the most alarming.]

Emilia: [I see… Although it’s obvious, he’s a strong individual, isn’t he?]

Subaru: [Indeed. He’s a strong individual for sure. That’s why he’s okay.]

Subaru nodded his head up and down multiple times at Emilia’s prior statement. Emilia opened her eyes wide upon seeing Subaru’s gesticulation, and then burst into a smile.

Seeing Subaru frown at her unexpected reaction, she placed her hand on her mouth, and said,

Emilia: [I’m sorry. Subaru’s behavior around Wilhelm-san’s reaaally different compared to when you’re with other people. How can I put it, in truth, I think you act with every fiber of your being.]

Subaru: [Who even says “every fiber of your being” these days…]

After a long absence, Emilia’s antiquated words from the Showa Era made their reappearance, to which Subaru gave a wry smile. Following that, he scratched his cheek with one of his fingers. [1]

Even if it appeared like he was teasing her, he understood what Emilia was trying to say. And that was plenty enough for Subaru himself to be aware of it.

Subaru: [Wilhelm-san is, how should I say it, special. Because he’s an amazing person whom I can sincerely admire, well, that’s what I feel anyways.]

Emilia: [I know that he’s an amazing person too, but that being the case, Reinhard and the others have to know that too, right? And yet, despite all that.]

Subaru: [The perspective changes between someone of the same age and someone from a different generation. The disparity you feel with those of the same age has rather large implications on you that end up making you feel miserable. But, the differences you feel with those older than you can be set as a goal for yourself. Someday, when I’m a sullen old man, I want to be as imposing as Wilhelm.]

Emilia: […Hmm, I get you. Hehe. If you say so.]

Emilia nodded, her face full of understanding, at the frivolous manner Subaru had adopted to hide his embarrassment.

Subaru felt defeated by that attitude. Speaking seriously about it, not even Subaru knew how he should express the deep emotions he felt in words.

Though, probably, almost certainly, he thought that it was a good thing that he did not need to put them into words.

Beatrice: [Betty believes that growing out his beard wouldn’t suit Subaru, in fact.]

Subaru: [I didn’t think it was this sort of conversation, but well, whatever, it’s okay too. I’ll grow out a beard when Beako deems it appropriate.]

Beatrice: […Well then, if such a time comes, I suppose. The elaborate co-existence between furriness and adorable-ness is an area that cannot be sustained without Bubby’s elegance, in fact. Devote yourself to it, I suppose.]

Emilia: [Yeah, yeah, I say.]

Emilia and Beatrice exchanged their feelings in a manner that was typical for them, but at the same time―― Subaru pointed his eyes over towards a corner of the shelter which had suddenly grown noisy.

The evacuees who were gathered in a corner of the shelter, all the individuals there had been released from their fear and unease that had been born from the city being occupied. However, they had inexplicably cheerful looks on their face. And that was because――

Liliana: [Well then, well then! Allow me to sing again! Please listen to my new song―― The Burning Song of the Flaming City!]

Subaru: [That racket is Liliana, huh?]

There was a short, young girl with brown skin in the middle of that kerfuffle. He could see the lively figure of the bard strumming her Lyulyre, shaking her blonde hair.

Her appearance had caused an unmistakable impact, it had an originality to it that shot out so askew that he did not think even Lust could imitate; it was Liliana without a doubt.

Beatrice: [She’s a truly strident girl, in fact.]

Emilia: [But, Liliana was also one of the people who fought against a Sin Archbishop, right? Erm… I can’t imagine at all how she managed to fight…]

Taking notice of the same thing as Subaru, Emilia and Beatrice relaxed their shoulders too.

If she was acting so lively, then no doubt Liliana had made it back with no injuries as well. Her, and the others’ battlefield―― Their battle against Wrath was a place which he could not imagine, neither the strategy nor the fighting strength needed, or the most proper result.

Subaru had already considered the possibility that Liliana’s song would have been useful for confining Sirius’s Authority, however, it was unknown how they’d been able to put it into practice. He was determined to hear what the hell had actually happened in their place of battle.

Subaru: [It won’t be easy to get close to Liliana right now. Let’s postpone it for later.]

Emilia: [Yeah… Besides, now’s definitely the time where Liliana’s songs are most necessary. Us taking that away wouldn’t be good. Let’s postpone talking to her until much later.]

Beatrice: [I agree, I suppose. Betty would like to pass on talking with that irritating girl, in fact.]

Subaru and the others made this conclusion whilst they watched Liliana strumming out a tune, singing at the top of her lungs with utmost passion. The song that slipped into his ears was soothing, seemingly permeating his wounded heart.

In reality, if they only took into account her singing voice, she was worthy of the title of Songstress. He concurred with Emilia’s opinion that, right now, the city needed her.

???: [――――]

Then, he noticed Kiritaka’s figure right next to Liliana as she delivered her performance.

His expensive suit was covered in mud and blood everywhere, and there were also traces of rips left on it. It was the outcome of having fled through scenes of carnage, and according to Otto’s story, it had been unknown whether he was dead or alive.

Subaru: [No one’s ought to have had a comfortable scene of battle…]

Taking note of Subaru’s gaze, Kiritaka bowed in his direction. Subaru waved at him, and started to walk further into the shelter once again, in search for the next of his companions.

Then, Beatrice, who was walking right next to him as he broke into a walk, said,

Beatrice: [It’s not too important, but it was that man who woke me up when I was sleeping, I suppose.]

Subaru: [Kiritaka?]

Beatrice: [That man even went as far as crushing some of his precious Great Magic Stones, in fact. Betty doesn’t care if it was down to his sense of responsibility, or if it was for someone, I suppose. But, that’s what happened, in fact.]

Subaru: […I see, I see. That’s great, Beako. You did well to say it.]

Beatrice: [Hmph, I suppose.]

Having heard this story that help had come from this unexpected source, Subaru stroked Beatrice’s head. Beatrice puffed out her cheeks, seemingly in dissatisfaction, but it went without saying that this was just a facade.

According to the story he’d briefly heard from Anastasia, Beatrice’s actions after she had woken up had also been an indispensable contribution in regard to the current results. If Kiritaka had truly been the one to play a role in that, then it could be said that he had fulfilled his duty corresponding to his position as a city executive.

Emilia: [Subaru. It seems like those who got injured are in the furthest part of the shelter.]

As she gazed at that part of the shelter, Emilia spoke towards Subaru as he chatted away with Beatrice. Upon looking towards the dingily lit area she was pointing, there, in the middle of the bustle, was an area that was being used as a field hospital.

There were mats and blankets spread out directly on the ground, and several injured people were laying there. This was supposed to be the first evacuation center which Ferris had visited, so even though the people lying down had yet to completely recover, their lives probably were in no danger.

Subaru: [Does that mean that treating so many people to their full is difficult, even for someone like Ferris?]

Beatrice: [It doesn’t matter how skilled you are at healing magic, there’s a limit to the amount of Mana a person can hold, in fact. If you go around healing everyone you see, then you’d run out of it pretty much at once, I suppose. It was a wise decision, in fact.]

Beatrice, who had replied, looked faintly vexed as they gazed at the rows of the injured. Even though she hid it on the surface, she was a tender-hearted Spirit whose feelings ran deep. Beatrice’s healing magic was quite effective, even if it didn’t even get close to Ferris’s. But, even if you were to say she had any Mana, the quantity which Subaru supplied would never get anywhere near that.

It was inevitable that she was vexed, and lamenting her lack of strength.

Emilia: [In truth, I would also like to go around helping everyone with my healing magic, but…]

Subaru: [You have another role, Emilia-tan. That’s why you need to put that aside for now.]

Emilia: [Yeah, I know.]

If they let themselves be carried away by the emotions of the moment, they wouldn’t be able to reach their goal, and would end up losing everything. Subaru called out to Emilia so she’d restrain herself, and as they walked in between people who were groaning in pain from their wounds, they searched for their companion amongst them. And soon after, they were able to find the guy they were searching for.

???: [Natsuki-san, over here!]

Subaru: [Heya, Otto!]

In the last row of the injured, there was a person who waved his hand. Noticing the young man’s familiar figure, Subaru and the others approached him with a sense of relief.

Lying on a ready-made bed, a faint smile on his pale face, was none other than the proud Warrior-Grade Internal Affairs Minister of the Emilia Camp, Otto Suwen.

Otto: [Though now, it feels I was given an evaluation that I really cannot let slide by.]

Subaru: [That’s your imagination, Warrior-Grade Internal Affairs Minister. It’s the same ol’ story all over again, wandering around the city seeking blood, in search for foes. You love doin’ that, don’t’cha.]

Otto: [And yet again starting with the strange rumors, will you stop with these completely false claims!?]

Instead of a greeting of reunion, Subaru exchanged jokes with Otto, who was lying down. Otto shouted and dropped his shoulders in resignation, and Subaru crouched beside him to check his condition.

He did not seem to have lethal injuries, but both of his legs looked painful. They must have been sealed up with the application of healing magic and then bandaged, but despite that, the thigh area had red dampness soaking through.

Emilia: [Otto-kun, how’re your wounds?]

Otto: [It seems that walking will be a little bit difficult until I have recovered, but apart from that, there is no visible trauma… When it comes to these situations, Emilia-sama’s should have been more difficult, so it is rather pathetic of me that I have been severely injured.]

Emilia: [That’s not true. It’s proof that you fought with all your strength, isn’t it? Otto-kun’s job isn’t to fight, so it’s good that nothing terrible happened to you.]

Otto: [So far, Emilia-sama is the only one who has decent common sense regarding the work of an Internal Affairs Minister.]

Emilia: [Eh?]

Before Otto who murmured deeply, Emilia tilted her head with a confused look.

Putting that aside, Subaru asked Otto for an explanation of the situation in which he got injured. Initially, Otto was supposed to stay at the City Hall, and await the reports from various places at their headquarters.

Subaru: [You didn’t get this injury because you got caught in the collapse of the City Hall, right? According to what Anastasia-san said, those who stayed at the City Hall were Anastasia-san, Ferris, and Al.]

Otto: [I do not know exactly what the three who remained have done. When I left the City Hall and went through the waterways of the city… I bumped into Gluttony. This is why I have ended up like this.]

Subaru: [Gluttony… That bastard. Damn, there’s also Lust, how much more do they intend to mock us…]

Subaru’s heart started boiling once again when he heard the name of his despised enemy.

The wickedness of the Witch Cult altogether had derided and undermined every preparation and every assumption they had put into place. Their behavior in ignoring the control towers was a mockery towards those who had gotten onto the stage.

Otto: [Fortunately, thanks to Felt-sama, and the people of the Scales of the White Dragon, we managed to oppose them somehow. However, without the help of Beatrice-san, I do not know what the outcome might have been.]

Beatrice: [Despite us outnumbering them, I couldn’t bear to see it, in fact!]

Emilia: [Yes, yes. I’m reaaally thankful.]

Emilia gently stroked Beatrice, who had puffed out her small chest.

That exchange was pleasant, but what interested Subaru were Otto’s actions. Leaving aside the result of the meeting with Gluttony, why had he left the City Hall in the first place?

Even if he had been out of the formation to intercept Lust, he should have stayed in the shelter and nothing more. It should not have been necessary for him to leave the shelter and traverse the city.

Otto: [There was a request from the Witch Cult… Priority was given to a certain book’s safety.]

Guessing Subaru’s questions, Otto spoke quietly.

He spoke about the book requested by the Witch Cult rather hazily, probably as a consideration for the fact that Emilia was listening in behind Subaru. Subaru nodded at his concerns,

Subaru: [The restoration specialist, what’s-his-name’s place?]

Otto: [It’s Mister Darts. No one should know that it was commissioned to be restored by him… But, to make absolutely sure, I tried to collect it. In the end, I encountered Gluttony before I met up with Mister Darts, and this is the result.]

He understood the reason why Otto had left the City Hall and walked about the city, in spite of the threat of the Witch Cult. Again, it looked like he had tried to fill a gap Subaru had not been attentive about.

The attack on the City Hall, and the recovery of the Book of Wisdom, were not things that he had even thought about.

Subaru: [At least consult with me first. We’re friends, right?]

Otto: [Emilia-sama was kidnapped, and you also carried the fate of the city on your back like a hero, did you want me to put yet another annoying burden on top of that? Sorry. But I did not intend to pressure my friend with these stupidities.]

Subaru: [Keh.]

Though he had intended to joke around, he had unexpectedly ended up reciprocating with happy words, making Subaru grunt. Seeing their exchange, Emilia and Beatrice exchanged glances and gave a deep sigh.

Beatrice: [These guys aren’t honest, I suppose.]

Emilia: [I think it’s normal for them. But, then, that book…? It’d be better if we collected it. Erm, where…]

Subaru: [Ah, I’ll take care of that. Or I’ll get Garfiel to do it. Emilia-tan doesn’t have to worry herself too much about that book.]

Emilia: [Yeah?]

He did not wish to let Emilia get involved much with the Book of Wisdom.

It had backwards compatibility with the Gospels, and was also a sort of relic that a Witch had left behind. Keeping Emilia away from it as much as possible was one of Subaru’s silent resolutions.

Subaru: [But, those who met Gluttony were Felt and the Scales of the White Dragon, right? Leaving aside the mercenaries in white, shouldn’t Felt have been hiding somewhere?]

Emilia: [But, I can’t really imagine that girl staying quietly in one place…]

Subaru: [Agreed.]

Felt and the others had arrested Reinhard’s father―― Heinkel, and he had heard that they were standing guard over him. Therefore, they should not have participated in the recapture of the control towers, although there was probably no one to communicate that decision to.

Subaru: [So, what about Felt?]

Otto: [She was exhausted, but she did not really sustain any injuries like these. She went rushing out of the shelter just now, to pick up the subordinates she had brought along.]

Subaru: [Tonchinkan, right? I heard about that, it seems like those guys are doing surprisingly well.]

He had both a good and a bad impression of the trio, but it was best safe rather than sorry. They had an acquaintanceship, and he had been killed once by them, but instead of taking revenge someday, he had tried to leave it in the past.

In any case, it was a good result that he was able to confirm the safety of that camp. After that, they would take care of the task related to the Book of Wisdom, so the next issue was――

Otto: [Natsuki-san―― Be careful in the adjacent shelter.]

Subaru: [In the adjacent shelter…?]

With a low voice, Otto spoke to Subaru, the latter immersed in his thoughts. To the turbulent emotions in his speech, Subaru’s voice also naturally lowered in response.

Otto gave a small nod on hearing Subaru’s reaction. And,

Otto: [One of the Sin Archbishops is being held there.]

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

???: [What is it, commoner? How dare you show your wretched face in our presence. That impudence is worthy of admiration beyond awe.]

He had left the shelter that had been made into a field hospital, and headed to the next shelter following Otto’s words. Compared to the shelter from before, the scale of that shelter was quite small. If the previous shelter was like the parking lot of a shopping center, this one was like a bicycle parking lot at best.

Immediately after he had gotten the vague impression that despite it being likewise a shelter, it probably had a different purpose, the woman in red who had set herself up at the entrance of the building called out to him.

The woman’s name was Priscilla Barielle.

Among the candidates of the Royal Selection which had gathered in the city, she was someone who completely lacked a cooperative personality.

Even so, even someone like that had undoubtedly been a reliable ally in this situation. After all, it had been Priscilla in charge of the unknown monster, Sirius of Wrath. The ability to destroy that threat ever-so-splendidly and make it back, that was a result that had to be praised sincerely.

Subaru: [That you don’t like my face is your personal opinion, so that’s okay. For now, good work to the both of us. I’m relieved that you came back safe. I’m not flattering you.]

Priscilla: [My personal opinion is the aesthetic sense which must be revered most in the world. It is not even worth evaluating what words you might utter… Well, it is. However, there are no words you can say in defense for your blindness in saying “safe” upon seeing me.]

Subaru: [Ah? Are you injured or something?]

Priscilla was sitting on a chair at the entrance of the shelter, fanning herself. Looking at her upper and lower extremities, he could not find any injures or anything like that.

No, it was not about whether she had injuries or not. Priscilla’s white skin did not have even a single scratch on it, even the dress she wore did not possess a speck of dust or dirt. If there were any differences before and after the battle, those would be the ornament around her neck, and the fact that her hair had come loose.

Emilia: [Your necklace and hair clip, have you lost them somewhere?]

Priscilla: [Hm. So even a commoner with such an undiscerning eye shall take notice of it, if it’s a woman? Even so, I do not enjoy that boorish manner, calling it a necklace. It seems to bring resentment.]

Emilia: [You were actually talking about your accessories when saying you weren’t safe…]

To Emilia’s naive and innocent words, Priscilla snorted in response.

Certainly she had now lost her luxurious gem-encrusted necklace, as well as the hair clip which kept her orange hair in place. The aroma of her charm increased, having let loose the hair that was normally held in place, what a sinful woman she was.

To being with, Priscilla’s radiance was rather like that of a poisonous flower. If one approached, they would end up getting stung.

Subaru: [So, I’ll pass on getting stung. Why are you bothering to stay at this shelter? I didn’t think you had such an admirable personality as to volunteer to keep guard.]

Priscilla: [Foolish japes. I should not be forced to engage in the sort of tasks performed by commoners. It is not my actual intent to be in a place like this, but I cannot allow others to gaze upon my sense of beauty now. So I am avoiding the public’s gaze as a compromise. Besides, Al insisted.]

Subaru: [I think he’d try to quickly deny that if he were here.]

Whilst he imagined the exaggerated motions of denial from the iron helmet, Subaru directed his gaze towards the shelter’s entrance. He did not catch any glimpse of said iron helmet, but he had heard that he was in this shelter. In other words, he was not outside, but rather inside the building―― next to the Sin Archbishop.

Subaru: [Is Al keeping guard inside?]

Priscilla: [‘Tis so. We don’t know what an evil thing like that would do, were we to leave it alone. Hence why Al is keeping guard over them. When it comes to him, he ought to do a good job.]

Subaru: […You didn’t think he’d try to kill them. That’s unexpected.]

Priscilla: [He is permitted to do so if he so wishes. I would not stop him.]

Had she felt bored answering him? Priscilla yawned whilst covering her mouth with her fan. That seemed to be her way of expressing indifference at Subaru’s question.

She had no intention of stopping him from entering the building. Subaru gazed at the entrance of the shelter, and placed his hand on his chest, where his heartbeat had gotten slightly faster.

Emilia: [Subaru, if you’re too scared to go in, you don’t need to force yourself to…]

Beatrice: [Indeed, in fact. I don’t think we’ll get anything out of it, I suppose.]

Emilia and Beatrice both gently expressed their opinions to Subaru, who had stopped in his tracks. He felt like he desired to let himself be coddled by their concerns. However, as soon as that thought popped into his head, he noticed Priscilla’s cruel gaze looking over him from the corner of his eye.

It was a gaze that regarded all of Subaru’s doubts and hesitation as a boring farce.

Whether he went forward or backward, Priscilla’s evaluation of Subaru likely would not be altered. For Subaru, who had still been given a completely unsparing, lowest evaluation, that was fine. He did not care about it, but he regretted that the two accompanying him had also been evaluated that way.

Subaru: [I’m going. In any case, it isn’t a problem that I have to escape from.]

Emilia & Beatrice: [――――]

Subaru made up his mind, and the two of them did not present their opinions for or against it. They just stood by his side, so as to respect his will.

Then, with the two of them accompanying him, Subaru stepped into the dark shelter. Priscilla was not even looking at their backs anymore. It was rather like her, he would say.

With the parched pitter-patter sound of their footsteps, they moved forward into the stone building. Soon, they could see the end of the passageway, ahead of the path which turned to the left,

???: [――Is that you, bro? I heard the Princess’s voice, so I thought she was talking with someone.]

Crouched down in the passageway, carrying his

dao

on his shoulder, the iron helmet――Al awaited them. Upon seeing Subaru and the others heading towards him, he turned his attention to Emilia.

Al: [Oh, it seems like the miss is alright, too. Good work, bro.]

Subaru: [It’s because Emilia-tan’s well-being was my minimum requirement for victory. Moreover, regarding you, I’ve heard you ran into many problems. Priscilla’s irrationalities in particular were crazy.]

Al: [Ah, you’re being completely serious. Still, I too was wondering what was going on with her this time. Well, no, I’m almost always wondering what’s going on, so I’ve got no persuasive power.]

Emilia: [But, it doesn’t seem like Al dislikes that…?]

Al: [――――]

Al, who had grumbled out something like a complaint about his mistress Priscilla, was hit right on the nose by Emilia’s innocent words. Subaru could not see that which was concealed behind the helmet, but he felt like Al had shaped his lips into the form of a arc on the other side. [2]

In reality, he was a man that was always dragged around everywhere by Priscilla, and despite that, he still wished to be her servant. It was to be supposed that they possessed a relationship others would not understand.

For a little while, Al twisted his neck in an environment which felt like it had devoured him, he clapped his shoulder with the ridge of his

dao

and abruptly directed his gaze towards the back of the passageway,

Al: [It’s a little bit late considering you’ve come this far, but… Did you come to speak with the Sin Archbishop?]

Beatrice: [Do you think there would be another purpose, I suppose? Do you think we’d bother coming to chat with the guard, there’s no way we’d waste our time, in fact.]

Al: [This little girl sure is scathing, huh? Don’t get yourself so worked up, uh… Beako, was it?]

Beatrice: [――――]

Before Beatrice’s cold, sharp gaze, Al deliberately shook his head. Keeping Beatrice in check, who seemed like she was about to grab him regardless of their difference in height, Subaru glared at Al who had started with the unnecessary provocations.

Subaru: [I more or less get that you’re upset, but please, don’t provoke her. Beako, you too, don’t fall for them. Deal with it with the dignity of an adult.]

Beatrice: [Betty will only allow Subaru to refer to her that way, I suppose. The next time you call me that, extremely terrible retribution awaits you, in fact.]

Al: [Yeah, yeah, I understand. You couldn’t be any colder.]

As he spoke, Al moved closer to the end of the corridor, making way for them. A door came into view ahead of them upon them moving further into the passageway. Most likely, the Sin Archbishop had been locked up there.

Suddenly, the back of Subaru’s neck started to tingle, complaining out of a tense feeling.

Al: [The Sin Archbishop is within. They’re restrained so that they can’t get up to no good, so for now, I don’t think it’ll end up becoming a massacre―― Also, I’ll give you just one piece of advice.]

Subaru: [Advice?]

Al: [Bro, the miss and that Spirit too. It’d be better if you went back home without talking to them. Nothing good will come from getting involved. Leave this be, and go home.]

Subaru: […There’s just no way we can do that.]

Dropping the tone of his voice, his opinion was an earnest one, his tone serious as he spoke. Denying those words with a shake of his head, Subaru replied that he could not do so, and rejected the suggestion.

And, to Subaru’s reply, mingled with a sigh, Al spoke “I guessed as much”.

Al: [No matter what I say, I don’t think I ever get much credibility. This time, my behavior here was in the wrong, I ain’t got any excuse for it.]

Subaru: [That’s really not the reason why. Well, it’s true that you weren’t cooperative, but that doesn’t mean I’m saying I won’t listen to you. Don’t get the wrong idea.]

Taking into account Al’s terrible words of self-castigation, Subaru pointed at the door at the end of the passageway. The task he had at hand with the person within, was one that was Subaru’s problem alone.

Perhaps his intentions had been transmitted, as Al sat down with a plunk on that spot. And, whilst he pointed to the door at the end with merely his head, voicing,

Al: [I hope you don’t lose sight of yourself whilst you speak.]

Subaru: [

OK

, don’t hesitate to help me if something happens.]

Al: [If that comes to pass, I’ll send in the Princess, so no matter what happens, she’ll send them straight up to heaven.]

Exchanging a final conversation, Subaru and the others said goodbye to Al and headed towards the door. There was something drifting about, something that made them feel a strange sense of oppression in regards to the door leading to the closed room.

With the determination after deciding it was no use getting cold feet after having arrived here, Subaru grabbed the doorknob and forcibly pushed the door open.

――It was a narrow room; the air within smelled of dust.

Its light source was small and dim; even for a shelter, it only had the barebones. It was a narrow room that could fit at most five or six people in it, if you jam-packed it; the lack of air could be felt inside it. And, in the middle of this room,

???: [――Aha. So you came, my dear. My apologies for the inconvenience? Thank you.]

On top of an old chair, with her whole body completely bound by chains, was the monster―― Sirius was awaiting them.

Translation Notes:

[1] – A period in Japanese history spanning from 1926 to 1989. For more information, see

here

. Worth mentioning that there is yet another Showa Era in medieval ages, but it is written differently (chapter uses “昭和”, while this older era is “正和”).

[2] – The exact wording here is more like “To make your mouth in the form of a へ”, which is essentially a fancy way to say he is frowning, mimicking the shape of the “he”

katakana

. The phrase doesn’t quite work in English, so I swapped it with something simpler.