※ ※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

All rights belong to Tappei Nagatsuki, the original author of the Re:Zero series. This is an English translation of the free web novel which is available at:

http://ncode.syosetu.com/N2267BE/

Translated by:

Nanashi-tan

Proofread by:

Archbishop

Realigned by:

Archbishop, based on the comp by Archbishop

Art Source:

Source since deleted

. If you know the artist for the thumbnail, please contact us.

※ ※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

Could this be called aerial warfare?

Reinhard had leapt toward Sirius, knocking his opponent from the tower and sending her flying through the sky. Touching down on the white walls of the clock tower, he flew off like a bullet by slightly bending and stretching his knees again.

Sirius: [Hahaha! Ah, how impressive you are!]

As the heroic figure flew toward her, she raised her voice, ecstatic, and waved her arms about. Accompanying that motion was the piercing whine of her chain unraveling from her wrist.

That fully extended chain could now be used as a whip, although its merit as a weapon relied more in its intimidating appearance and violent sound, rather than convenience. Only a deviant with no common sense would opt for such a weapon.

That iron snake had undoubtedly tasted the blood of more than just a few people, and, at this moment, it was partaking in one of its routine hunts. Attempting to crush its prey with its iron jaws, the whistling wind it created resembling applause.

But even that blunt snake, who could approach the speed of sound, was clueless.

——In this world, there was a human existence as departed from common sense as Sirius, albeit in a different manner.

Reinhard: [A chain, how troublesome.]

Hearing the sound of the chain entering the fight, the Sword Saint frowned and gave a troubled mutter.

In the midst of such an intense battle, he seemed to be letting out a slight grievance that was better suited to the atmosphere of a mild annoyance in one’s daily life.

Sirius: [Hahaha!]

Sirius, on the verge of panting, revealed her passionate laugh to the spectators.

Surely, that was inevitable. However, the reasoning behind Sirius’s delight was mysterious. Whether it was because of desperation, or whether she was genuinely happy, that much was clear to all the spectators looking up at the scene, Subaru included.

This was a situation that only Sirius would have laughed in.

Reinhard: [————]

Sirius flew upwards, and Reinhard pursued her from below.

With Reinhard as her target, Sirius delivered a quick, precise blow, slamming the chains of both her arms. Even facing that oncoming chain, Reinhard did not reach for the sword hanging at his waist.

If his words from long before were true, it was not that he did not intend to draw his sword, it was that he was unable to. Reinhard’s legendary sword would only allow itself to face worthy opponents.

In that case, he had been condemned to be unarmed while fighting that horrible freak. Even Reinhard, who Subaru had the utmost trust in, would need to undergo a bitter struggle—— perhaps he would even fail to live up to Subaru’s expectations, in a show of human weakness.

If so, then that trust would soon be shattered.

Aiming a follow-up strike of her chains at Reinhard, a high-pitched noise echoed.

Shockwaves and sparks danced violently. To Subaru and the other spectators, lightning seemed to flash through the sky. The ability to accomplish that kind of witchcraft was precisely the proof that Reinhard transcended the boundaries of human skill.

Reinhard met the chain head on, lifting his slender right leg to defend.

That attack had been so surprising that it would have elicited a laugh from anyone. Right after the impact, Reinhard wrapped the chain around his foot with a turn of his ankle, moving it to suit his own will.

The movement itself had not been anything special. Reinhard had met the approaching chain with his right leg and wound it around his foot in a makeshift weapon, using it to open an immediate follow-up.

In only a moment, he had easily shifted from offense to defense.

Needless to say, not everyone could keep up with the fight. Among those present, only the handful of people with combat training could follow those rapid, continuous shifts between attacking and defending.

In that moment of understanding, there was an urge to laugh. Subaru gave a long sigh and relaxed his shoulders. Fortunately, Reinhard was a comrade, and Subaru had never been happier that he was on his side. If he were the enemy, then Subaru’s shoulders, knees, and bladder would have all given out.

Sirius: [Haha, hahaha! Aha, HAHAHAHA!!]

Sirius laughed loudly, her right arm spinning wildly like a tornado.

Since her left arm had been captured by Reinhard, she could only resort to the use of the right one. However, although the whistling snake tore through the sky, flying from every direction, it was blocked by the chain on Reinhard’s right foot, creating a high-pitched whine and a shower of sparks.

Every spark dancing in the blue sky, was accompanied by the sound of a metallic musical instrument that permeated the square, in a whirling performance of red and yellow.

A strike, another blow, but during that period, Reinhard had further closed the distance between himself and Sirius. Soon, after exchanging an array of blows, he reached her.

Sirius: [How unexpected! You’ve actually reached this point! Amazing!]

Reinhard: [You are very proficient. I find it a shame that you’ve committed yourself to evil.]

In those moments, the two exchanged words the way they exchanged attacks.

Reinhard quickly pulled back his right leg and thrusted his left hand with aligned fingers. Sirius greeted it with a powerful swing of her arm, the undulating chain diving at Reinhard with exposed fangs. And, although that chain was made of steel, Reinhard had used his own hand as a blade and cleaved it in two.

In the past, Subaru had witnessed the perfect splitting of disposable wooden chopsticks—— a party trick. If Reinhard were to partake in those performances, he could split a steel blade like paper. The fact his strike had had the beauty of a sword was enough reason to believe so.

The severed portion of the chain continued with the same momentum it had into the clocktower, the violent collision shattering one of the building’s walls. The sight of smoke and the rubble crashing into the square shook Subaru out of his trance.

He had been completely fascinated.

Reinhard and Sirius’s fight―― No, Reinhard’s fight, had entranced him. Whether it was envy or fear that had caused said fascination was another matter entirely.

Subaru: [Leaving her to Reinhard is fine. Then, I…!]

He could not continue to dawdle here, blindly ogling the fight and waiting for an outcome.

Subaru squeezed through a gap in the crowd, running to the opening of the tower. Now that Sirius’s attention was fully devoted to Reinhard, Lusbel, who had been prepared for her speech, had probably been abandoned in the clock tower.

Saving him would ease Subaru’s worries.

Just in case, so that if Sirius got away from Reinhard, Lusbel’s safety would be guaranteed. Subaru climbed anxiously up the spiral staircase, again tasting that dark, damp air.

The tower was much brighter now than it had been fifteen minutes ago, much thanks to the light flooding in from the walls broken by Sirius’s chain.

After safely ascending the spiral staircase, Subaru discovered Lusbel, bound in chains, on the top floor. He had been left face up on the ground, the floor wet by his incontinence. The child’s sobs touched Subaru deeply.

Subaru: [Lusbel! You’re safe now, don’t worry!]

Subaru tenderly took the chained Lusbel into his arms. He ignored the warm moisture as he saw Lusbel’s desperate, tearful gaze turning away from his own, terrified of Subaru’s face.

Lusbel: [Mmm!]

Subaru: [It’s alright, I’m on your side. And as for that monster, a reliable hero is fighting her right now. So, let’s take this time to get you out of here.]

Lusbel: [Mmm.]

Subaru spoke with the utmost sincerity. Gradually, Lusbel’s body lost its strength, abandoning his struggle, and he faced Subaru with a tearful but clear expression.

After Subaru nodded in response to that inquiring gaze, Lusbel began sobbing anew, for a different reason than before.

Subaru: [Wait a second. Let me get this off you.]

After gently stroking the crying boy’s head, Subaru started cautiously working on the chain as not to hurt him. From shoulders to ankles, the chain had been wound tightly, and he had also been gagged with it. Subaru took care to avoid hurting the child as he unraveled it.

Subaru: [Well, I got it off. Can you stand up? If not, I can carry you.]

Lusbel: [D-don’t worry, it’s… thank you… hk.]

Lusbel rose unsteadily to his feet, shaking his stiff legs, offering his gratitude. Although his face was stained with tears, he was still a strong child. Subaru patted his head again.

Then, as he turned his gaze to outside, where the violent offensive and defensive sounds were repeatedly triggered,

Subaru: [Staying here might actually be safer, but we should probably get out just in case. Can you walk? Are you hurt anywhere?]

Lusbel: [My right arm, just a little bit…]

Lusbel frowned and obediently presented his wound to Subaru.

On his outstretched right hand was a sharp laceration that had been made by a snake-like weapon. Its origin was clear. Seeing the blood oozing from the wound, Subaru contorted his face in discomfort.

Subaru: [Bastard, tying up such a small child, and even doing this to him.]

Lusbel: [No, no. This just suddenly… suddenly started hurting while I was tied up.]

Subaru: [Suddenly?]

“While he had been tied up”, Subaru registered distractedly.

At least, Subaru should not have hurt him in the process of unraveling the chain. His movements had been cautious, and Subaru would have noticed if he had caused Lusbel an injury this serious.

——Terrible, ominous apprehension rose in Subaru’s heart.

Subaru: […At any rate, we can’t stay here. Let’s go.]

Subaru took Lusbel’s uninjured left hand, running away. Leading him to the bottom of the spiral staircase, to the exit of the tower. And upon Subaru’s return to the square, he heard——

Crowd: [——Kill her! Kill her! Kill her! Kill her!]

The mob had plunged into a frenzy, eagerly awaiting the execution of that captured freak, calling for vindication. Eyes filled with bloodlust, mouths twisted in snarls, howling for murder.

Endless abhorrence of evil. Incredulous aversion to unnatural monsters. Wanting to be rid of an enemy who could not be accepted at a physiological level. Such negative emotions called for murder.

And what was this called?

——This was known as Wrath.

Crowd: [——Kill her! Kill her! Kill her! Kill her!]

A crowd of complete strangers stood side by side as comrades, moving toward the same goal.

Crowd: [——Kill her! Kill her! Kill her! Kill her!]

Their very hearts united in the face of adversity, and the philosophy of good and evil being questioned in those extraordinary circumstances.

Crowd: [——Kill her! Kill her! Kill her! Kill her!]

Choosing to be united in such extreme conditions, pushing that limit, that was——

Crowd: [——Kill her! Kill her! Kill her! Kill her!]

Sirius: [Joining feelings into one… this is surely Love, correct? Well, there is no doubt that this is a scene only Love could achieve, don’t you agree?]

In front of that hellish scenery, Sirius murmured in her usual voice.

Sirius had been pressed to the side of the clocktower by the hero. The surrounding crowd eagerly cheered for the death of that unnatural person, knowing that their Sword Saint had the power to kill the abomination.

Sirius even seemed to have lost the chain on her left hand, now in a precarious situation. With both hands unarmed, the monster had no way to defend against Reinhard’s knife-like hand.

She was clearly facing a dead-end—— however, Sirius wore her usual placid smile.

Reinhard: [Are there any last words you wish to say?]

Sirius: [Thank you. Then, allow me to offer you a piece of advice. The other Sin Archbishops may not be as docile as me, so if you wish to ask their last words, you might suffer for it.]

Reinhard: [——I will keep that in mind.]

In the face of Reinhard’s warm kindness, Sirius spoke calm, provocative words. Reinhard nodded in compliance and stepped forward, ready to execute her with the blade that was his hand.

Crowd: [——Kill her! Kill her! Kill her! Kill her!]

As the voice of the crowd grew in intensity, Sirius’s fate had been sealed. This was obvious, so why?

Standing at the entrance of the broken tower, Subaru felt a throbbing chill, which threatened to break his heart.

Why? What did that mean? He desperately wanted to speak, but his mouth could not move. Once it did, Subaru knew what he would say.

Subaru certainly would join the loud cries of “Kill her!”.

Sirius: [We know each other. Mutual humility. Mutual recognition. We forgive each other. That is exactly the correct form that Love should take.]

Subaru feeling subdued, Sirius continued to preach her rhetoric.

At first glance, she seemed to make sense, but taking into account that it was Sirius saying so, the proposition and the atmosphere itself became horrifying.

Reinhard: [————]

Reinhard seemed to have made the same judgment as Subaru.

There was no longer any meaning in letting Sirius speak, so Reinhard moved forward. However, just before Reinhard reached her, Sirius smiled and held her arms into the air.

Immediately, accompanied by a crackling sound, chains were ejected from the cuffs of her coat. Those chains were fired through her sleeves, and then wrapped around the tower as Sirius began to fly once more. She intended to escape—— but just before she could, Reinhard stomped on the ground. Shockwaves spread upward, like an explosion, and a red flame attacked Sirius.

His hand struck at her in a smooth, upward motion. A one-hit deathblow. In that moment, Sirius’s life would end.

Crowd: [——Kill her! Kill her! Kill her! Kill her!]

And the crowd’s cry, would be fulfilled.

With tremendous momentum, Subaru’s heart spiked with fear. And driven by a sudden impulse——

Subaru: [Reinhard!!]

Calling upon the hero’s name, Subaru yelled, guided by the impatience of the crowd.

Subaru: [——KILL HER!!]

Reinhard slashed.

A clean line swept neatly from Sirius’s left shoulder to her right flank.

That exquisite cut was so sharp, that even Sirius’s slashed body did not react to the slash for a few seconds. Finally, the blood in her body noticed the wound, and her body collapsed diagonally as blood began to spray.

Sirius: […Ah, this gentle world.]

Her internal organs spilling out, Sirius’s body was cleft in half.

Her upper body continued soaring upward, pouring blood and intestines through the air, while her lower body, left in place, became a fountain, sprinkling blood through the square.

A nightmarish spectacle had been propelled into the heavens above and the earth below, respectively.

No one could bear to look straight at that horror. However, no one looked away.

No one could look away.

Reinhard: […It cannot be.]

After landing, Reinhard uttered a stunned mutter.

Subaru saw that his blue eyes were shaking with grief, the shadow of despair enveloping his fair, handsome face.

——And then Subaru could see no more.

Subaru: [————]

Subaru, and the rest of the crowd, lay scattered in the square that had turned into a pool of blood. From their left shoulders to their right sides, everyone had been bisected, as clear as day.

Subaru: [————]

Blood and viscera spilling out, Subaru’s consciousness did not have time to understand what had happened before being pulled into the embrace of death. Just before that happened, he felt something else.

A boy’s left hand, whose owner had also been split in twain, squeezed Subaru’s own right hand tightly, seeking salvation from him.

It seemed like he had felt that somewhere before.

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

Liliana: [After the song ends and they chat again, shouldn’t we prepare food and drinks for them, Natsuki-sama? Indulging in sweet snacks will certainly create a mood that will close the distance between them, don’t you think so?]

Subaru: [——Ghk!]

Beatrice: [Ow! Ow, that hurts! It hurts in fact, Subaru!!]

Immediately after the blink, Subaru was surprised to hear the voice he had just heard.

The sudden switch in consciousness had him clinging to Beatrice’s hand with the same vice grip that he had been making before his Return by Death, strong enough to crush Appas. [1]

Beatrice tearfully kicked Subaru’s shin after suffering from that sudden atrocity, who recoiled in pain and loosened his grip on her hand.

Liliana: [W-w-w-why did you do that? Why would you attack Beatrice-sama’s lovely hands so suddenly? You’re going to ruin then… but it’s okay, I… I-I’ll kiss and lick them and to heal them, ha… haha.]

Beatrice: [It’s alright, I suppose! That’s quite gross, in fact!]

Beatrice flushed with panic as Liliana grabbed her hand, blushing and breathing heavily. She ducked behind Subaru. Even if he had injured her hand, her trust in her partner had not diminished.

Emilia: [Subaru, are you alright? Just now, you suddenly turned pale…]

Subaru: [E-Emilia-tan…]

Emilia joined his side, reaching a hand to his cheek, her face rife with concern. Subaru saw himself reflected in her amethyst eyes and breathed a sigh.

He had come back.

He patted his shoulders and chest, which had been bisected. His abdomen had been cut, and his head had been smashed. Although Subaru was confident in his experience with deaths, this had been his first clear experience of being slashed down. Taking precedence over pain was a sense of astonishment and loss, the knowledge of death tugging at Subaru’s soul. This was a death that Subaru, who was commonly subjected to them, could accept.

Subaru: [Why, can’t I find a simple conclusion…]

Once again catching up with the memories he had inherited, the realization of death assaulted him, forcing him to recognize it. Although he had not registered much pain, the sense of loss and shock hit Subaru one after the other. His partial understanding of the phenomenon grew, albeit not completely so. There remained an event beyond his understanding.

That is, this time, the cause of death——

Subaru: [Disgusting…]

Needless to say, he had long understood.

Subaru had been killed exactly the same way that Sirius had been, this time. To put it bluntly, Subaru had died in the exact same manner Sirius did. Looking back thirty minutes, to that first death, Subaru died shortly after joyfully witnessing Lusbel’s death. The previously unknown cause of death had now been identified.

——Somehow, someway, Sirius could deliver death to any who witnessed death.

Not just brainwashing with emotional changes. Even changes that occurred in the body could be shared. It was not merely brainwashing, but bodywashing. Or could it be called soulwashing?

In other words, killing her meant that the people in that square would all be killed.

Subaru: [What to do…?]

Defeating Sirius using brute force could be achieved by calling Reinhard.

However, that would come at the price of the life of everyone in that square. In that case, the result would be no different from Sirius’s intended atrocities.

Summoning Reinhard was nothing more than a correct and easy-to-understand solution at first glance, but it was, in actuality, the wrong answer. In this case, what could he do?

Subaru: [Call Reinhard, and tell him to take her alive…?]

That was unlikely, but perhaps not impossible to him.

Since Reinhard was capable of killing Sirius, he should also be capable of depriving her of her consciousness. The problem was that it was not clear if her mental control would end would her being caught alive.

Subaru had come in contact with Sirius and Lusbel, and had gone mad and died. If that mysterious madness continued to infect everyone, then capturing Sirius would be fruitless.

If she were killed, everyone else would die with her.

If she were caught, there was a possibility that she would spread her contagion of irresistible madness.

Just existing made her a threat to others, she was this kind of bomb-like existence. She truly deserved her title of Sin Archbishop.

Subaru: [What else can I do?]

Unable to find a breakthrough, Subaru found himself in a dilemma.

If Reinhard were called, he would surely be able to kill or restrain Sirius. Would that be okay, ignoring the possibility of falling into madness?

Subaru: [————]

Time passed even as Subaru pondered. Seeing Subaru staying quiet, those around him all appeared uneasy. Subaru did not want them to remain worried, nor to reveal what was going to happen.

He hurriedly changed the expression on his face and announced,

Subaru: [Ah, right. That is… Yes, I suddenly felt like I was going to puke up the

daisukiyaki

from this morning. My chest was a bit uncomfortable.]

Liliana: [Ah, I see, I see. I, too, often feel nauseous, which is accompanied by a lot of gas…]

Subaru: [Stop right there. No matter how you act, you’re still a girl.]

Subaru interrupted Liliana’s jokes with a smile and turned towards Emilia. Seeing that, Emilia lowered her gaze.

Emilia: [If Subaru says so, I’ll believe it… this is a special case, okay?]

Subaru: [Mhm, thanks… Then, I’ll go buy desserts, as Liliana suggested. Emilia-tan, please continue to enjoy the song.]

Thanks to Emilia’s kindness, Subaru was able to make an announcement after wavering. Then, holding Beatrice’s hand again,

Subaru: [Beako. Come shopping with me. Let’s take a walk and flirt like we always do.]

Beatrice: [What are you suddenly—— Mhm. Betty understands, in fact.]

Beatrice, whose face turned red, showing her

tsun

side, changed attitude upon seeing Subaru’s face, showing the

dere

side. To put it more appropriately, she accepted his offer after noticing his pleading expression.

Subaru took the confused Beatrice’s hand and ran from the park for the fourth time, pulling on her hand. This time, rather than leaving Beatrice behind, he would bring his reliable partner with him. Even though he had yet to reach any kind of breakthrough.

Priscilla: [——Hmm.]

——Staring at the retreating figures of Subaru and Beatrice, the woman of crimson watched the duo with a thoughtful expression.

Translation Notes:

[1] – Translated name for apple(s) in the Re: Zero world, “リンガ” (ringa). The Japanese itself is a mispronunciation of “林檎” (ringo).

[2] –

Tsunderes

are characters with a personality who is initially polarized, displaying cold, temperature and even hostile sides (the

tsun

part), before gradually showing a warmer, friendlier side over time (the

dere

part).