※ ※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

All rights belong to Tappei Nagatsuki, the original author of the Re:Zero series. This is an English translation of the free web novel which is available at:

http://ncode.syosetu.com/N2267BE/

Translated by:

Nanashi-tan

Proofread by:

Archbishop

Realigned by:

Archbishop, based on the comp by Archbishop

Art Source:

Owatan_Re

※ ※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

—―The already dire situation had deteriorated drastically, resulting in the worst of awful conditions.

Subaru trembled under Sirius’s mesmerized gaze and her shuddering, glowing breaths.

The madwoman gave no regard to the heat scorching her bandaged face, her mad, brilliant eyes focused on watching Subaru—— no, not just watching, but staring.

Subaru: [Dear… Petelgeuse?]

That was a madman’s name, one which Subaru had never wanted to hear again. Subaru would be lying if he said he did not think of her as a madwoman, calling herself Romanée-Conti, and ranting passionately on her love for her late husband.

Even so, he was reluctant to seriously consider that idea as correct, as doing so would combine the existence of the lunatic Petelgeuse and the madwoman Sirius.

He did not want to think of the union between the worst possible couple, with Romanée-Conti as the surname.

Subaru: [A couple where both lovers are Witch Cultist, and Sin Archbishops at that, is ridiculously disastrous… Although it cannot be helped that he’d choose a bride like that…]

Really, the morally bankrupt all belonged to the Witch Cult. The self-righteous Petelgeuse, Sirius who imposed her love without permission, and Regulus who treated love with flimsy fatalism—— they were all scum.

Subaru: [Like how your names are a bit similar. Do they all end in an S-sound?]

Subaru tried to bury the thought in his mind under trivial, pointless thoughts. But, right now, Subaru felt as if he had found something extremely odd, although he could not quite put his finger on what it was. Try as he might, he could not find it.

Sirius: [Please do not be so silent, Petelgeuse. You are such a mean-spirited person. See, you are already, already, already giving me that usual cold attitude… It makes me really anxious!]

Sirius, unaware of the cause of Subaru’s brooding silence, took her own interpretation of it as she kept her hands on her face and her waist twisting back and forth. The nightmarish scene spread as the crowd around Sirius took up her strange, delusional expression of affection.

Regulus: […Really, I can’t deal with you anymore. Although his trick just now probably gave you that kind of idea, it’s still really rather tragic. Fate should tie you together, no matter what kind of obstacles are faced. Like me and my brides. However, a separation by life and death before results can blossom is not only sad, but very unsightly.]

Sirius: [Yes, thank you very much. My apologies. Now, excuse me, but I am busy. You know, right? Mutual understanding is important. Mutual concessions are also important. You have completed your purpose, so could you leave as soon as possible? After all, I also have my own private affairs.]

Regulus: [Indeed, my purpose of finding my bride has been fulfilled…]

Sirius’s madness had given way to rationality, and Regulus overlooked that implication as he looked at Emilia, still in his arms. Then he turned toward Subaru.

Regulus: [But the one who wants to kill me and my bride, and who has been annoying since the very beginning, has yet to allow me proper vengeance in accordance with his infringement of my rights. I dislike taking a violent initiative, but in this case, it would only be a just revenge. Yes, this is an act of righteousness. Although I could endure this and leave, I would be doing legitimacy a disfavor. That is to say, leaving would be a loss of justice. I should not set that precedent.]

Subaru: [Don’t give me that high-and-mighty tone. Obviously, you don’t like me, so you want to kill me. Don’t justify that with some shitty doctrine.]

Regulus: [Actually being talked back to is quite a surprise. Being spoken to as if I were mistaken is even more of a surprise. You, are you the type of person who disagrees with their opponents? In that case, the only thing I can say is that your vessel is both small and superficial. I think that this kind of person, who can’t listen to the words of others with sincerity, will one day earn their just desserts, what do you think?]

Subaru: [Do you have the right to say this?]

Regulus’s eyes widened as if incredibly taken aback.

Perhaps he was being sincere, convinced that his speech was justified? No, he was absolutely convinced. If not, he could not be a leading subordinate in that abnormal group.

Establishment of rational conversations were only an illusion. Although they spoke what seemed to be human tongue, they were creatures belonging to an alien ecosystem.

Forgetting that would lead to being swallowed up by their words.

Regulus: [Sirius. You seem to have excluded him from the scope of your Authority. What happened?]

Instead of facing the silent Subaru, Regulus directed the conversation to Sirius.

Frowning at his speech, Subaru belatedly discovered that the fear which had been gripping his heart had vanished. They had not left the range of the sphere of influence―― no, that was not the case, as proven by the fact that Beatrice was still slightly trembling on his shoulders.

In other words, only Subaru had been excluded. And the reason for that was,

Sirius: [Is it not obvious? Since I know that he is

that

person, if I continue to share my feelings, they might accidentally transmit to him.]

Regulus: [Don’t give me that shy look, it’s really creepy. Having proclaimed your love, love, love, there’s no point in pretending to be innocent. I really don’t understand you.]

Sirius: [Do you not think that allowing those inexplicable feelings that cannot be expressed with words to be felt in such a manner is tasteless? Until the end of the end, until the very moment I become one with him, I will seal that feeling inside me. I have already decided so. Yes, for the sake of Love!]

Regulus: [Because of that dishonesty, your important feelings will never be able to reach him, you know? You are calling yourself Sirius Romanée-Conti, right? Don’t you think that using someone else’s family name is rather unpleasant? I suppose that, in a sense, it’s like you are violating Petelgeuse’s legacy. Well, he’s already dead, so it doesn’t matter anymore.]

Sirius: [I and that person were in love with each other!]

Hearing Regulus’s amazed speech, Sirius exploded.

The madwoman grasped at her hair in a frenzy, spittle flying from her mouth as she screamed at Regulus.

Sirius: [After all, whenever I gazed at him, he always met my eyes! When I touched him, he did not scold me! When I spoke to him, he gave me his attention! When I inhaled his breath, he never told me off! I was allowed to sleep with him! I could freely borrow his things without him getting angry! He allowed me the honor of burning the half-devil! He gave me my name! He smiled for me! Only for me! Only for me, onlyformeonlyformeonlyforme!]

Her breathing grew wild as she sobbed tears of unrequited love.

Well, she had made herself clear. Sirius’s existence was one of dark, twisted, pure love.

Regulus: [Ah, oops—— Dealing with such strong subjective convictions is tricky.]

Shrugging, Regulus spoke as if seeking agreement from Subaru.

Subaru bit back a “Do you have the right to say that?” to keep Regulus from lashing out. He needed to temper the balance between the two foolish extremists near him. Facing the two Sin Archbishops, Subaru saw no light of hope to break the deadlock. Rather, the situation had worsened due to Sirius’s interference.

Subaru: [No, did it get even worse because Sirius’s interest has shifted?]

Even if Subaru had broken away from the shared fear, there would be no marked improvement in his combat power. Obviously, Beatrice would be his main advantage, but she was trapped in an unfavorable condition, her sharp judgement dulled by terror.

At least, only facing Regulus would help.

Subaru: […Hey, Sirius.]

Sirius: [Yes, what is the matter, my dear?]

Sirius candidly responded his call. Although Subaru was internally astonished at that unexpectedly serious response,

Subaru: [I have a bit of private business with Regulus here, so could you wait patiently for a while? Please.]

Sirius: [Do you wish me to wait?]

Making use of Sirius’s misunderstanding could grant Subaru a chance at victory.

Sirius appeared to have assumed Subaru was Petelgeuse due to his Invisible Providence, which resembled the Unseen Hand used by Petelgeuse. Although that was quite the false accusation, Subaru would have to take advantage of it for the time being.

Petelgeuse had been a Spirit. If he were still alive, it was entirely possible that he would have possessed Subaru as his next host. Although, the problem would be that Subaru had not indicated that he had recognized Sirius up until now, but Sirius, in her present state of mind, had not seemed to notice the issue.

With that in mind, Subaru hoped to break that deadlock. The result,

Sirius: [My apologies, I cannot do that. Please let me refuse, even if it is very important to you.]

Sirius ruthlessly rejected his plea.

Seeing Subaru’s disappointed gaze, Sirius bowed her head.

Sirius: [Of course, I originally wanted to comply. But you are quite diligent, and you will surely slip far away from my extended fingers while I wait. I know you. After all, we have been together for so long. You have always tried your utmost and overstrained yourself alone to reach your desired results… and…]

In all honesty, Subaru could not help but feel a heartfelt admiration for her love.

Even so, Sirius’s regard of Petelgeuse’s hard-working nature was a rather blind perspective. That willingness to toil would be welcomed if this were a mere businessperson, but as a Sin Archbishop by vocation, he would only bring harm to the world.

Sirius: [Finally, finally, we were able to meet again. It has been a year, a whole year, since I have been at your side. In this century, this is the longest we have been apart! And even after a year of not seeing me… You ask me to leave? I do not want to. I refuse. In this period of absence, I always wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted wanted to become one with you!]

Subaru: [————]

Sirius: [On top of that, you still want me to wait!? And now you have a Spirit who I have never seen before! Where did you find her!? What exactly is appealing about woman like that!? She is small, her face is arrogant, and she has no breasts, no hips, no fragments of femininity! Is it because she is a Spirit!? Because you are a Spirit, your woman has to be a Spirit too? The time we spent together loses to such a flimsy reason? I’ll burn you.]

The direction of her speech became perverse, and became weird, and a crazed shimmer of unbridled frenzy rose in her gaze again. The crowd also left courting affection for anger, blood streaming red from their eyes and noses.

Sirius: [And, is the half-devil in his arms the reason why you need to deal with Regulus? That filthy half-devil! That silver-haired half-devil! Why are you so partial to her!? Stop immediately, shouldn’t you have understood that long ago? That despicable, loathsome, hateful, abhorrent fucking Witch…! If you revive her, I’ll burn her before your very eyes!]

Subaru: [You’re… so increasingly incomprehensible, you…]

The madwoman gave a bloodthirsty shriek, revealing her animosity towards both Emilia and the Witch of Envy.

Was the goal of the Witch Cult not the Witch of Envy’s resurrection? Subaru could not understand Sirius’s attitude of loathing of the thing to be resurrected at all costs. Rather, Sirius had absolutely no resonance with the Petelgeuse she longed for.

Although he had originally thought that they could not have been companions, they turned out to be nothing but enemies.

Subaru: [————]

The three-way deadlock resurfaced.

Regulus planned to kill Subaru and Sirius.

Sirius would defend against Regulus and draw out the non-existent Petelgeuse within Subaru.

Subaru wanted to rescue Emilia from Regulus and to free Tina from Sirius, and, if possible, kill the two Sin Archbishops.

Obviously, only Subaru’s situation was far too harsh. Searching for a solution that Subaru did not have the ability to attain, his forehead began to bead with sweat.

Return by Death, followed by Sirius’s appearance and Regulus’s debut. After that, a melee battle between Subaru and the Sin Archbishops had ensued. This loop had been the longest yet. During that period of time, although he had retrieved useful intelligence, nothing but awful things had happened.

Subaru: […Beako.]

Beatrice: [You can try either one, in fact.]

From his back came the timid voice of his partner, who would lend her support to him whenever he was about to fall to fear. Subaru, who had been entrusted with what would happen next, made his decision.

And at that time.

Regulus: [——Oh.]

Sirius: […Hk.]

Simultaneously, Regulus and Sirius both, changed their attitude. They each put their hands into their coats, and, from there, retrieved a book.

Subaru: [That is…]

A familiar thick book with a black binding.

There was one such book in Subaru’s possession, and so there was no mistaking it. That was what all the Witch Cultists possessed, the Gospel.

Subaru: [————]

Ignoring Subaru, who had raised his guard again, the two Archbishops opened their own Gospels and turned over their pages, surveying its writ.

Then, although the timing had been identical, they closed their respective books, their expressions giving stark contrast to each other.

Regulus: [I assume the content is the same for both of us, is that true, Sirius?]

Sirius: [Shut up, Regulus. Why… Why now? When finally, finally I found him again…]

Regulus wore a light smile, and Sirius, who gritted her teeth and spoke in a voice full of remorse. Even if the predator and the madwoman held opposing feelings, their wills were unified.

The two looked to Subaru.

Regulus: [Although regretfully, it’s time. My free time with you has ended. You should thank the Gospel… Well, that’s not right. That doesn’t make sense. After all, what’s the use in being thankful to paper? So, rather, you should be grateful to me, who follows the Gospel faithfully.]

Subaru: [Thank you for your faith… But what was that about time? What are you talking about!?]

Regulus: [It’s just as you heard. We were given free time before we need to do what must be done. I took that meaningful time to retrieve my bride.]

Sirius: [I feel incomplete… In front of that person, I should not be subjected to such treatment. It is too cruel. I am being washed away by sadness, you know?]

Regulus spoke with composure, while Sirius forcibly expressed her sorrow. The crowd collapsed, and Beatrice bit back tears.

However, Subaru and Regulus both remained completely unaffected.

Regulus: [Sorry, but your small, superficial love doesn’t touch my complete self at all. At most, it makes me feel a little dirty.]

In a contemptuous voice, Regulus, with Emilia still in his arms, turned his back to Subaru.

Really, he looked as if he were just planning to let them go. If Regulus left by himself, that was fine. But,

Subaru: [Stop, you bastard! Don’t just run off! Let her go! Otherwise, I’ll…]

Regulus: [I thought you’d do that.]

Subaru: [——!?]

Regulus stopped and only turned his head to smile.

Under that smile, Subaru felt as though a blade brushed his spine, and he swallowed, his entire body stiff. It was impossible to prevent Regulus’s next move.

Regulus: [I think that if my bride finds one of her attendants gone, she’ll be lonely, and I think it’s rather heartless of me not to invite you, who was in love with her—— So I won’t kill you.]

Gently, Regulus tapped the ground with his toes. Although it was a gesture of comfort, as if adjusting his shoes, his foot dug neatly into the stone slab as if it were a shovel driving into soft ground.

The wreckage of the slate flew toward Subaru. Bullets of soil seemed to defy gravity, travelling without aim. Some of them brushed the outside of Subaru’s right leg—— and, in the next moment, Subaru’s leg vanished. [1]

Subaru: [——Eh?]

A beast’s claw had torn clear through his leg. On his right lower limb, cleanly exposed in a twisted cross section, were white bone, pink flesh, and yellow nerves, and neatly severed green blood vessels.

Before he could comprehend what had just happened, the pain struck.

Subaru: [——Hk!? Gah, ahk! AaaaAAHH!?]

The world became pure white, as if his head were being punctuated by countless sharp needles.

A scream lodged in his throat, Subaru was unable to support his own weight as he tumbled to the ground. His outstretched fingers desperately held his right leg. The wound was so large that the palm of his right hand could not cover it all.

Beatrice: [Subaru!? Subaru! Subaru, wait, I suppose! Right now!]

Beatrice fell to the ground along with Subaru, noticing his severe injury, and panicked as she began a chant of healing magic. Regulus nodded in satisfaction at the scene.

Regulus: [This is adequate retaliation for your reckless behavior up until just now, so I’ll let it go. Although I did consider the possibility of you doing it again, I think I still want to look forward to your future. This pain is sure to stop you if you consider hurting another person again. Don’t thank me. Just save someone else next time.]

Subaru: [AaaAA—— Hk! Kah, gah, can’t, kuu, gah!]

Pain, agony, suffering, hurthurthurthurthurthurthurthurt—!

A haze of agony. Molars being ground to dust from gnashing. A flashing world. The absence of up and down, left or right. Was he sleeping? Or was he alive? Or maybe he was dead?

Confusion. Cluelessness. Noideanoideanoidea. Even so, there was something he needed to know.

Subaru: [E-Emili…a! Wa, gah—— hk, t—— hk]

Beatrice: [Subaru, you can’t afford to mess around! If you have to vomit, turn to the side. If you don’t, your throat will…]

Enduring pain and madness, Subaru moved his head, his hands still holding his wound. His heartbeat was like an alarm bell and his internal organs constricted upon themselves with the sense of urgency, causing him to vomit repeatedly.

The petite Beatrice, while desperately supporting Subaru’s rampaging body, did her best to cast healing magic. However, someone was laughing at her mockingly.

Beatrice: [You can’t be serious, in fact.]

Sirius: [My apologies. However, this obviously is not a joke. It is only natural, is it not?]

Behind Beatrice, in abhorrent whispers, Sirius replied in a dark tone.

Around Sirius, a crowd of people rolled as they screamed in pain. All of them, with their hands on the wound left in their right leg, desperately sought salvation. Like Subaru, their right leg had been torn off by a beast.

Sirius: [My beloved Petelgeuse would say that feeling pain is living, and that those feelings allow Love to be exercised. I know that better than anyone. However, I believe there is a better way of representing that form of Love. Thank you. That representation would be becoming one. After all, Love is a prayer for becoming one! Seeing the same sights, feeling the same emotions, living the same life, ending with the same death, being together, that is Love!]

Opening her hands, her palms struck each other in a burst of clapping.

Sirius gave harsh puffs of air as she fixed her intense, envious gaze on Beatrice.

Sirius: [No matter who, everyone should experience the same feelings as him. However, only you and that dirty half-devil will be denied that experience. Who would grant you such an honor?]

Beatrice: [There’s no woman out there who would be driven mad with jealousy as much as you. But it does not matter, since Betty has long been Subaru’s closest confidante. Betty belongs to Subaru.]

Sirius: [——Hk!]

Beatrice refused to flinch under Sirius’s cruel words. Madwoman and Spirit glared at each other, until Sirius turned away, breaking the interaction.

Sirius: [Now, I can only entrust him to you. After all, I must prioritize the Gospel’s instructions. Yes, there is no other way. My apologies. My apologies. You know I want to return to your side as soon as possible.]

At this moment, Sirius still acted madly in love with Subaru. The madwoman left the bloodstained square with a single jump. Beatrice had no choice but to give up chasing her. She understood that refusing to allow her to escape would merely result in more sacrifices.

Beatrice: [——Subaru.]

With fluttering eyes, yellow bubbles burst from Subaru’s mouth.

Beatrice pressed her palm against his wound, attempting to stop the flow of blood. The wound was too deadly, and any slip in concentration would lead to Subaru’s death. For Beatrice, saving Subaru was, naturally, her greatest priority. Although, there was another priority Beatrice had to follow.

Subaru: [If you don’t treat the other injured people…]

The number of wounded people rolling around the square was over thirty. They had all suffered the same injury as Subaru, and in a cruel twist, the healing being performed on Subaru had not reached them. She would need to heal every injury individually.

That was the burden Beatrice needed to take up. But, even if she exhausted her store of Mana, it would still be insufficient.

Beatrice: [——Subaru, I’m sorry, in fact.]

Desperately trying to heal Subaru’s injury, determined to keep a strong facade, Beatrice spoke with a hoarse voice. A stream of tears flowed down her white cheeks.

Beatrice: [I’m sorry. I’m sorry…]

Beatrice voiced a string of constant apologies. Even though she knew her voice could not reach Subaru, rendered unconscious by pain. Even knowing that it would not solve anything.

Beatrice: [I’m sorry, Emilia——]

Sirius had created so many victims and left the plaza. Regulus had taken Emilia with his overwhelming power.

——The two Sin Archbishops had been released into the Watergate City of Pristella.

Translation Notes:

[1] – A note here for whoever has read this previously: “右足” can mean either “right foot” or “right leg”. Given some of the illustrations, I will change this to leg.