※ ※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

All rights belong to Tappei Nagatsuki, the original author of the Re:Zero series. This is an English translation of the free web novel which is available at:

http://ncode.syosetu.com/N2267BE/

Translated by:

Nanashi-tan

Proofread by:

Archbishop

Realigned by:

Archbishop, based on the comp by Archbishop

Art Source:

takana9624

(modified by Furuta)

※ ※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

Distant, fierce voices.

Voices, their owners unknown. Voices, their sources unknown.

Were they masculine? Feminine? Did they come from above or below? Everything regarding that was unknown.

???: [————]

An angry voice. And a mourning voice. And also, something like an accusing voice. And was that a crying voice?

Voices. They poured down like a waterfall of sound, its rough waves an ensnaring whirlpool. As if he had finally spoken out loud something deeply rooted in his heart, to someone he had finally met.

His turbid identity was swept away, lost to those muddy tides.

Hands and feet, head, bottom, chest, back. Melting, mixing, blending together.

Even his own existence, incomprehensible as it was, was swallowed up by the waterfall of sound, flowing away as if lost forever. His body, scattered.

All he knew was the black stagnation which swallowed the world he could perceive. It was thus that he realized that the dark stagnation was invading his body, allowing it no form of resistance, progressively bringing along an end.

But, at this very moment, a knot, so tangled that it could never be unraveled, was resisting that erosion. That knot refused to shrink back. It would never be dismantled, never be shriveled, never be denied.

By no means had his entire being succumbed to the stagnation in his body, by no means had his entire being surrendered to the darkness, in the battlefield that could be called his body.

And finally, finally――

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

???: [——――!!]

The first noise that flooded into his ears was someone’s enraged roar.

After hearing that sharp voice, he opened his eyes to be greeted by a white ceiling. At the same time, he realized that he was lying spread-eagle on a hard surface.

???: [——Useless!!]

His newly-regained consciousness came along with the clear sound of an insult. The voice was rife with unbearable anger, accompanied by actions befitting an emotional outburst. He heard the distinct sound of a hand slapping against skin.

???: [Stop it! You should understand that the responsibility for that blame does not lie with a single person here.]

???: [Shut up! I don’t want to hear those stupid wordplays! An outsider shouldn’t interrupt!]

Accusatory voices and unquenchable anger. A sign of conflict.

From what he could hear, allies seemed to be arguing in a spacious room. He stretched out his left hand, trying to support himself with the wall as he got up.

But, halfway through, his brain was overwhelmed by shock and pain, and his breathing suddenly hitched. His eyes felt as if they were sticks of combusting dynamite, and his field of vision was suddenly stained by vivid blood-red.

As the impact of the pain ravaged him, he finally pulled his upper body upright, taking in the scene of the quarrel.

——Three men and women quarreled in the middle of a room… No, rather, all three of them were men.

A tearful Ferris was attempting to hit Wilhelm with his fists, while Julius stopped him in desperation. The sound that he had heard earlier had been that of Wilhelm being struck on the side of his face. And following Ferris’s line of sight, he could see that the old man, his cheeks slightly dyed in red, was bowing his head in shame.

Wilhelm: [From the bottom of my heart, I apologize.]

Ferris: [At least give me an excuse! Give me a reason that I can accept, that you were powerless to stop it, something to convince me! Just apologizing doesn’t mean anything!]

Julius: [Ferris, you’re creating a pointless commotion. Can’t you see that Wilhelm-sama is incredibly remorseful?]

Ferris: [Remorse…!? What’s remorse going to do? Useless! Pointless! Everybody, everybody… Why…? Why did no one think to rescue Crusch-sama…!?]

Ferris’s gaze pierced both Wilhelm and Julius in another fit of rage, but almost immediately after, he sank to the floor, defeated and weak.

And as the crying Ferris issued a condemnation, the two men could say nothing. While being looked by Wilhelm and Julius, Ferris slammed his gloved hands on the ground contemptuously.

Ferris: [Am I supposed to be Blue…?[1] I can’t even do anything right now…! Useless, useless, useless, useless, useless…]

Ferris sobbed, as he continued to curse angrily. This time, however, those insults were directed at himself. That was another option he could take. After all, no one could interfere with him after realizing that he was most angry at himself.

Julius: [————]

Julius’s sigh came intertwined with Ferris’s sobs. Wilhelm remained silent, and a crushing atmosphere shrouded the room around those three people. Then,

???: [Yo, Captain. Ya finally awake?]

Garfiel appeared in the doorless doorway, noticing Subaru’s state, which had gone unnoticed by the other three people. In response to his voice, Julius followed Garfiel’s gaze and gazed upon Subaru’s stirring, wearing an expression of relief.

Julius: [I am glad. Ferris, Subaru seems to have finally awakened.]

Ferris: […Right.]

At Julius’s call, Ferris wiped his face with his sleeve as he stood. His disgraceful attitude vanished as he walked towards Subaru, examining his body before firmly fixing his eyes on Subaru’s.

Ferris: [Well, you seem to be fine. Your mind is clear, right? Do you know your name and place of birth?]

Subaru: [I’m Natsuki Subaru, from Japan.]

Ferris: [A country I’ve never heard of… I was born in Crusch-sama’s territories.]

Ferris’s expression revealed that he believed Subaru’s answer to be a pointless joke. He stood and immediately turned to leave. No one was willing to throw accusatory words at him, and so everyone watched in silence. Only Wilhelm followed after Ferris. Before he left, however, the elderly man turned to give Subaru a ceremonious bow.

After the two left, the tense atmosphere in the room finally thinned. But, at the same time, they became aware of an increasingly somber atmosphere instead.

Garfiel: [Captain, even if ya can get up, ya shouldn’t be forcin’ yerself to do anythin’ right now.]

Subaru: […You look the worst out of all of us.]

Leaning against the wall, Garfiel called out Subaru, who responded to the haggard-looking teenager with his own greeting.

His cheeks and blond hair were saturated with blood, and his clothing was torn in far too many places to count. His pallor was just as awful as when he had first arrived at the shelter with an injured Mimi.

As he considered this, Subaru’s own sluggish thoughts finally caught up.

Subaru: [We’re alive, huh.]

Garfiel: [Right. My amazin’ self and Captain survived, so that’s all good ‘n well, but we can’t even celebrate it. Fuck it all.]

Affirming Subaru’s mutter, Garfiel grinded his teeth down bitterly.

As he watched Garfiel, Subaru once again confirmed his own survival—— that is, he understood that Return by Death had not been triggered, and that the operation to capture the City Hall had ended.

Of course, since he was still alive, he had to have been rescued by someone, but——

Subaru: [What happened to the City Hall…? How did I get here?]

Julius: [We are still in the City Hall right now. The Witch Cult abandoned it, and we captured the building we targeted. Looking just at the results, we could call the operation a success, but…]

Julius knelt next to Subaru as he began to answer his choppy questions.

Upon closer inspection, the Finest of Knights looked awful. His hair was uncharacteristically messy, and his face and neck were covered with wounds. His Knight’s uniform was also dirtied with blood. Considering all this, it was hard to say he was safe and sound.

But, most importantly, his normally graceful features were currently twisted with remorse and humiliation.

Julius: [First and foremost, it is good to see you up again. If anything had happened to you, we would have lost our source of morale.]

Subaru: […Don’t say useless stuff like that. What happened? I don’t care about morale or anything like that. The Witch Cult chose to abandon the building… What the hell?]

Julius: [You heard right. As said previously, the Witch Cult abandoned the building, and we took back the City Hall. But the hostages were turned into inhuman things, and the Cultists who caused all this managed to escape after achieving their goals. This can hardly be called a good result.]

Julius stated the situation in mellow tones. A stark contrast to Subaru’s anxiety.

However, that stiff tone and those drooping eyes… It was obvious that the circumstances Julius was explaining were so serious that he could not hold his indignation from showing in his voice.

And, Subaru could not ignore what he was just told.

Subaru: [Inhuman things, meaning…]

Julius: [You must have seen it too, on the upper floor of the City Hall. That unending, nightmarish sight.]

Shaking his head, Julius affirmed that cruel reality.

Subaru vividly remembered the shiny red compound eyes and the sound of the wings desperately beating in a cry for help. His nausea was held in check by the knowledge that they had been expecting salvation from him, another human.

His heart seemed to tighten with feelings that were neither truly sympathy nor fear.

The Witch Cult’s Sin Archbishop of Lust, Capella, was a truly despicable monster who trampled freely on human dignity and values, all while spitting her brand of ridicule. What that monster played with was neither the human spirit nor the human heart, but something even more sacred.

Julius: [The square, as well as the City Hall’s interior and upper floor… Everything, our division of labor included, was all a ploy to gain time. We were dancing on the Witch Cult’s palm the entire time… They could have easily, little-by-little, killed us all. The reason why that did not happen was your keen judgment and the efforts of the human who was turned into a black dragon.]

Subaru: [My… judgment?]

Julius: [You activated the Conversation Mirror, made a move on the top floor, and, as a result, the status of the City Hall was successfully communicated to Anastasia and Ferris. The prompt arrival of our reinforcements, the Iron Fang and Ferris, was solely due to your actions.]

Subaru: [Did you think those words will comfort me?]

Julius: […That was not my intent. I was merely stating the truth as it is. It is up to your own heart to decide how to take those words.]

Subaru was irritated by Julius’s poised answer. However, Julius’s cold reply was also evidence that he himself was not calm either.

Confirming that neither’s mental state was great, Subaru took a deep breath.

Subaru: [One more thing about what you said just now, what happened to the black dragon?]

Julius: [This happened on the top floor, so I may not know any more than you do… There was a person who was transformed by the Authority of Lust. As disgusting as that Authority is, what is much more surprising is how well it replicates things. The man who was been turned into a black dragon made his way to the top of the building, even as he was on the verge of death, and breathed fire to make Lust back off. It was probably thanks to that heavenly intervention that we were able to save your life.]

The one who Julius spoke of was the black dragon that had been slashed and thrown out of that room by Crusch. Since Capella’s power was to mutate and transform, that black dragon was very likely one of the hostages in the City Hall. Subaru and Crusch had disregarded his call for help, and relentlessly attacked him.

And despite those circumstances, that person still fought with all his might.

Subaru: [The one who was turned into a black dragon, is he…]

Garfiel: [He can’t die.]

As Subaru fretted about the dragon’s safety, Garfiel suddenly interrupted with a calm voice. He would not meet Subaru’s gaze, instead staring directly up at the ceiling.

Garfiel: [My amazin’ self won’t let him die. We can’t let him die. We have to save him… He must be saved… otherwise…]

Julius: [He has been like that for a while now. Apparently, it appears to be someone he knows. Although his scent has changed, Garfiel seemed to recognize him from his actions. In any case, his healing is now complete. He is fine, although a little anxious. He is resting at the back.]

Subaru: [An acquaintance? Garfiel, is this someone you know from the city?]

Garfiel: [————]

Garfiel’s choice to remain silent came as a surprise to Subaru. Garfiel did not look back either.

In any case, he was grateful that the life of their savior, the black dragon, had not been extinguished. But the others, the flies, they――

Julius: [We cannot say that they are okay, but at least their safety has been assured. Ferris has made his diagnosis, but…]

Subaru: [That is to say, it’s not a wound or illness that Ferris can fix… Damnit!]

Unable to help hitting the floor with his hand, Subaru pondered the feelings of those who had lost their bodies. Exactly how strong was the sense of loss they were feeling? They had been turned into something inhuman, horror and cruelty wholly different from the loss of life.

Loss of life simply meant that one had only lived up to that point. But the loss of human form meant only the loss of identity… while existence had yet to come to an end.

Those who were tortured by that incurable curse were also gathered in the City Hall. Were they above him? Or below? Regretting that he could not even remember how many were suffering that fate, Subaru could only think of other things that needed to be confirmed.

Since he knew he was still alive, the next question that emerged was a natural one.

Subaru: [Are you and Garfiel both uninjured?]

Julius: [As you can see, both Garfiel and myself were not significantly injured, and neither was Ricardo. Although, we can certainly say we were humiliated… but that is an afterthought.]

Subaru: [————]

Even as he said so, Julius’s teeth clenched down on his lip, his voice laced with shame. Seeing his anger, Subaru was consumed by a similar sense of frustration, thinking on the opponent Julius had faced.

Julius had fought against the detestable Gluttony, Alphard.

In all honesty, Subaru wanted nothing more than to rip that Sin Archbishop apart with his own hands. But even supposing that Subaru had stayed to fight him, his escape would have been completely inevitable.

But he could not remain calm, knowing that his sworn enemy had escaped.

Julius: […I apologize for not fulfilling the role you assigned to me.]

Subaru: [If you say so, but I don’t have any problem with it… They’ve broadcasted something, right? That’d mean they have achieved their goal.]

Julius: [Correct. Same as before, the voice was that of Lust. Just… No, it was inevitable. Moving on, their requests were made. We have to discuss that as well.]

From Julius’s expression, Subaru could tell that Lust’s request had not been anything proper. Although he did not wish to hear it, covering his ears would be pointless. He would have to learn it sooner or later. But, before that――

Subaru: [Broadcast aside… What happened to Crusch-san?]

Julius: [————]

Subaru: [Crusch-san also went to the top floor with me… And she ended up in a worse position than me, suffering at the hands of Lust for much longer…]

The image of Crusch spitting up blood, with only the white of her eyes showing, flashed through Subaru’s mind. She had suffered such injury without suffering any visible trauma. Presumably, something life- threatening must have happened.

And Ferris’s anguished cries. Although he did not want to believe the worst, the most obvious conclusion was――

Subaru: [Ferris… said something that did not sound good, so…]

Julius: [Crusch-sama is still alive. There is no doubt about that.]

Subaru: [Don’t phrase it with those implications!]

In that brief moment, Subaru saw a vague ray of hope. However, it vanished as soon as he saw Julius’s expression. That was the expression of a person with something unbearable on their mind, devoid of the relief of having saved a life. On the contrary, it seemed that something more terrifying was happening――

Julius: [Ferris has been doing his very best, but the current situation is far from good.]

Subaru: [Far from good… What the hell is going on? What’s wrong with Crusch-san… If Ferris can’t do anything, why aren’t we putting our heads together and trying to help!?]

Julius: [Calm down. No matter how worked up you get, the situation will not change. So calm down already.]

Julius snapped sharply at Subaru’s disgraceful outburst. But his calmness only served to fuel the present Subaru’s rage.

Subaru: [Bastard, how the hell can you be so calm!? We lost so soundly to that lot! How can you not be angry!?]

Julius: [——Of course I’m also boiling with rage!]

Julius sharply swatted aside the arm that Subaru had stretched forward to grab him. Subaru fell silent as he saw Julius’s gaze waver after his roar.

Julius: […Apologies for my unbecoming violence. It seems that I am yet to be mature enough to control myself.]

Julius reached out a hand to Subaru, who had fallen after his arm had been forcefully blocked. Although he clearly understood Julius’s feelings, Subaru had deliberately attacked his attitude, and he felt great shame upon hearing Julius’s apology.

Subaru: [Crusch-san, she…]

Julius: […was attacked by Lust, right? A foreign agent has contaminated her body. And it is currently wreaking havoc inside her. Ferris’s distraught reaction is quite appropriate.]

As Julius spoke, a clear image of Crusch’s incredible pain, in his last memories of that assault, came to Subaru’s recollections

That ultimate pain, her body infiltrated by a devilish monster, which siphoned away her own flesh, blood, bones and even soul. That pain was one which that no human should ever have to endure.

The fact that he could not do anything about it was probably the reason for Ferris’s attitude from before.

Before and after Subaru’s awakening, Ferris seemed to have blamed Wilhelm. Presumably, he held the old swordsman accountable for being unable to protect their master on the battlefield. In fact, he was only searching for someone to carry the blame. Both the accusing Ferris and the accused Wilhelm understood this.

And so Wilhelm had remained silent after Ferris had struck him, while Ferris had cried over his own hateful weakness.

The two men who had just left the room were attending to their miserable master now.

Thinking about that trio, the sense of failure in Subaru’s heart only grew stronger and stronger. However, Julius interrupted Subaru’s emotional torrent.

Julius: [——Subaru, there is something that I must confirm.]

Subaru: [What is it?]

Julius: [Although it is rather difficult for me to point this out… it seems that you have yet to notice.]

Subaru felt a wave of doubt surge at Julius’s roundabout question.

Narrowing his eyes at Subaru, Julius brought a gentle hand to Subaru’s collapsed body. The latter adjusted to see what Julius was doing, his hand gradually moving from his foot to his right thigh.

Unsure of what Julius was doing, he looked down carefully to where Julius’s hand traced a line from Subaru’s thigh to his right foot.

Subaru had treated his injury casually. Subaru had only recalled his memories of Crusch being defeated by Capella at the top floor of the City Hall and had conveniently forgotten about his own injuries.

What had happened before he lost consciousness?

He had unconsciously understood and accepted the feeling of Returning by Death—— but the feeling of death had not arrived. He should have been relieved, but――

Subaru: [What? This is—―!?]

His breath suddenly catching in his frozen throat, Subaru could not help but doubt his own eyes. His right leg was right in front of his eyes, but there――

――Was a seam of black, ugly, charred-looking skin. His right leg was currently being eroded by that wriggling something.

Julius: [It was not Ferris who fixed it, nor was it any type of healing magic. Your leg… the one which had been torn apart… fixed itself. And it does not even look as if it hurts.]

Subaru: [————]

It was as Julius had said.

His ugly right leg felt neither pain nor a sense of violation. His first instinct was to wonder if it only maintained the illusion of being connected, but he could bend his knees and move his toes as intended.

However, the wounded areas had turned black, connecting the shredded parts of his leg. The erosion extended both up and down his right leg, visibly running in his blood vessels.

Julius: [Subaru, I must have to confirm it with you again.]

Subaru: […]

After seeing the dramatic changes to his own leg, Subaru could not even speak. To Julius’s question, Subaru could only slowly lift his head, and then――

Julius: [Are you… truly fine?]

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

The most terrifying thing about his right leg being healed was that it did not prevent him from standing and walking as he pleased.

Garfiel: [That onee-san named Ferris said that Captain’s leg was neither injured nor sick, so even if my amazin’ self tried to use healin’ magic, nothin’d happen. All I’ll be getting’ is the feelin’ that I’m healin’ somethin’.]

Rolling up the leg of his pants, Subaru could see that his right leg was laced with black blood vessels. The embroidered patterns appeared to be elastic when touched, and the texture was close to that of skin. If the color were ignored, he would be able to say that everything was normal.

Julius: [Did you reattach it yourself…? That would be the only thing that would reassure me right now.]

Needless to say, however, Subaru possessed no regenerative powers that allowed him to reattach his own limbs. This was the second time losing that leg, and his own memory told him that the first time around, his leg had shown no signs of repairing itself.

Of course, the consequent line of thought was to figure out what could have caused this, but Subaru could think of only one thing.

Subaru: [Is this because that bitch Capella dripped blood onto my leg…?]

He had descended into a realm of confusion after his leg had been ripped off and his blood oozed out.

For that reason, his memories were blurred, and he could not say with absolute certainty that it was indeed the case. However, Subaru had no doubt that he had seen Capella cut into her own wrist and poured droplets of blood on Subaru.

At that time, she had also mentioned something incredibly concerning. Yes, it was――

Subaru: [Crusch-san… She suffered the same thing that I did.]

Julius: [That being… having blood dripped into her wounds? What an unpleasant act. Maybe it has some significance as a ritual… Leaving behind an immediate impact? Or perhaps it is a curse. I have heard those operate differently from the laws of regular magic.]

Subaru: [Curse… Yes, curse sounds right. It was cursed blood… No, it was something different… something like… Blood from a dragon? Right, it was blood from a dragon. That’s what she said!]

As Subaru gazed at Julius’s puzzled face, he sifted through his foggy memories, and could not help but clap his hands together at his success.

Capella had indeed mentioned, while witnessing Subaru’s suffering brought about by her blood, that her own blood was mixed with dragon’s blood. That had not seemed to be a jest, a bluff, or a lie. And it provided several clues.

Julius: [Blood from a dragon… Does that mean the Dragon’s Blood bestowed to the Royal Family?]

Subaru: [I don’t know any details, but is there really such a thing in the Castle?]

Julius: [It was one of the treasures granted by the Divine Dragon Volcanica, as per the Covenant. The Dragon’s Blood is famous for being potent enough to even turn barren soils fertile again.]

Subaru: [It’s pretty powerful, that Dragon’s Blood… I don’t know if it’s really related, or what that’d imply.]

Considering that Capella had called herself a Lugunica, the name of the Royal Family, this was an object of concern. Especially, as Wilhelm had said, due to Emerada Lugunica being a real historical figure.

Albeit unbelievable, was she really part of the Royal Family? But having the Dragon’s Blood mixed with her own blood stirred questions.

Julius: [In any case, with the information that it might be related to blood, then Ferris might be able to help her.]

Subaru: [Ah, that’s right. Let’s hurry…]

Garfiel: [Wait, Captain. Wait a sec.]

Finally, information that might lead to a turnaround.

Subaru wanted to rush to share that information, but Garfiel, arms crossed as he leaned on the wall, poured a metaphorical bucket of ice-cold water over his head. In response to Subaru’s glare, Garfiel dropped his gaze.

Garfiel: [Captain, ya haven’t seen it yet, ‘n the fewer people see, the better.]

Subaru: […What does that mean?]

Garfiel: [It means what ya think it means. That pretty onee-san won’t like it if ya see her.]

Garfiel looked down, avoiding Subaru’s probing gaze. Growing increasingly uneasy, Subaru instead turned to Julius, who, like Garfiel, shook his head with eyes similar to Garfiel’s.

Julius: [In fact, I am afraid that Crusch-sama very much hopes to avoid the gaze of others right now. She is a noble person, so she does not wish that anyone sees her in such a weakened state.]

Subaru: [Is it… really just because she’s weak right now?]

Julius: [————]

Julius said nothing. He merely quietly turned his gaze from Subaru.

And just that one small action answered everything.

Subaru: […It’s all my fault.]

Julius: [Subaru, that’s——]

Subaru: [It’s all my fault! I… Obviously, I should have known better than anyone else how underhanded they can be! I should have foreseen and prepared as much as I could before we challenged them!]

The more he tried to imagine what was happening to Crusch, the more horrified he became.

And the intense self-reproach those thoughts brought to Subaru… A product of his anger at his own incompetence, as well as of their own anger, as well as courage and regret for his reckless challenge.

Subaru knew of the awful natures of the Witch Cult’s Sin Archbishops, right down to his bone marrow. And not just Petelgeuse. Before the attack on the City Hall, Subaru had met Sirius and Regulus himself, in rapid succession. After those encounters, how could he have underestimated Capella?

Was his pride to blame for the decision to fight back against such overwhelming strength at a disadvantage? This had all happened because of his misjudgement.

Subaru: [Everything, it’s my…]

???: [——That’s enough. Whether you’re cryin’ or complainin’ it’s really becomin’ quite bothersome, so would ya mind stoppin’?]

Subaru, bearing all the blame, was about to sink deeply into a sea of self-loathing.

What reached Subaru’s ears, however, was not a gentle voice lifting him from that ocean of dark thoughts. It was a cold, apathetic one, accompanied by a frigid gaze and a bored exhale.

Subaru: [————]

He turned to the entrance of the large room.

Standing there with her hands clasped together, under the gaze of everyone in the room, was a purple-haired businesswoman with a gentle face. However, the lethal glare she fixed on Subaru was completely out of character for her usually gentle features.

Subaru: [Anastasia…]

Anastasia: [I understand that ya feel disappointed after a defeat on the battlefield, but if all ya do is mope and complain, those around ya will feel bothered. And even if ya mope on and on, yer losses ain’t gonna disappear.]

Anastasia’s reprimands were directed toward Subaru, who had been crushed by defeat.

For a second, Subaru was too stunned to understand. The very next moment, however, his mind was overtaken by rage, but before he begun to speak——

Julius: [Anastasia-sama, please retract your statement. Subaru was the one who had the most direct contact with the sinners of the Witch Cult. Even if he’s moping or sighing…]

Anastasia: [How unlike ya, Julius. Ya usually focus on the issue at hand, but right now you’re being so emotional… If ya came here just to play with yer friends, ya might find that Joshua suits you a lil’ better.]

Julius: […]

Julius, who had attempted to defend Subaru, was silenced by the frosty sight of his master. Subaru’s white-hot rage was bathed in ice-cold water, but he still felt incredibly confused about Anastasia’s attitude.

Then, looking at Subaru, who was utterly speechless, Anastasia fiddled with the fox scarf around her neck and spoke to the other two occupants of the room.

Anastasia: […Yeah, thought so. Julius, things with Crusch-san seem kinda busy right now, don’t they? Why don’t’cha see if ya can go and help? And the blond child over there, would you mind accompanying him for a bit?]

Urging Julius and Garfiel to leave from the room, Anastasia fixed her eyes on Subaru. If two of the four people in the room left, a confrontation between only Subaru and Anastasia would occur.

Anastasia: [Don’t worry, I won’t do anythin’ bad.]

Anastasia promised so, with a decidedly not-so-cute smile.

Julius bowed and left, Garfiel trailing behind him, a cautious light in his eyes. Until the very end, he kept his concerned gaze trained on Subaru, before giving him a nod and leaving.

Anastasia: [Garfiel-kun’s quite the adorable boy. Until the very end, his worried gaze was fixed on Natsuki-kun. Looks like he takes good care of people.]

Subaru: […I’m sure you didn’t get me alone just to gossip.]

Subaru gave a thorny reply as Anastasia began idly chattering about Garfiel after his departure. A similar exchange had happened in a previous interaction, in which she had been intending to catch Subaru off guard.

Subaru turned to see Anastasia stroking her hair as she surveyed the half-destroyed room, before lifting a chair and seating herself.

Anastasia: [My, havin’ a relaxin’ chat like this with Natsuki-kun really takes me back… all the way to the night before the battle with the White Whale.]

Subaru: [Back then, we were scheming a plan for success. This time, nothing like that is in sight… Even though we recaptured the City Hall, the situation hasn’t improved at all…]

Anastasia: [Yes, nothin’s changed. Rather, everythin’s gotten worse, and we got no optimal course of action to follow…]

Subaru realized that her carefree voice had, for a second, honed itself into the razor-sharp blade of a knife. He could not help but straighten his back, while Anastasia glanced at his leg.

Anastasia: [Everythin’ okay with yer leg? Last I heard, it’d been shredded.]

Subaru: [Fortunately, I can run and jump just fine, although this looks kind of gross.]

Anastasia: [Well, bein’ able to run and jump right now’s what matters most. There’s still a lotta things to do, but until then…]

Anastasia let the conversation drift lightly toward Subaru’s injury, before inhaling sharply.

Subaru realized that she was finally arriving at the main topic and frowned. She pointed her hand at the ceiling—— no, she was pointed somewhere beyond the ceiling.

Anastasia: [Did ya ever end up hearin’ the third broadcast after yer operation?]

Subaru: [No, I didn’t, what did they say…? It was some kind of request, but I don’t know what exactly those were.]

Anastasia: [Natsuki-kun missed two of the three broadcasts, how careless.]

Anastasia giggled softly, holding a hand to her mouth, and Subaru put on an unhappy pout. Even so, she kept her hand over her mouth, and narrowed her eyes, fixing them on Subaru.

Anastasia: [One of the demands—— I’m sure that only Natsuki-kun and I can understand it.]

Subaru: [Only me… and Anastasia-san?]

What exactly did that mean? Subaru’s mind swam with questions. He had never felt that he and Anastasia held anything in common. After all, this was their first time engaging in a proper conversation.

With such a shallow relationship, what exactly did they have in common?

???: [——My my, Ana, sometimes your manner of speech ends up only serving to annoy others, you know. I think this is exactly one such case.]

Subaru: [——!?]

The voice of a third person suddenly echoed in Subaru’s ears. This voice belonged to neither Subaru nor Anastasia. Instead, it felt lighter and more neutral.

Subaru hurriedly toured the room with confused eyes, but not a single unknown figure was to be found in their surroundings. Julius and Garfiel had left, and there was no sign that a person had approached the entrance of the room.

Where in the world had that voice come from?

Anastasia: [Ya say that, but don’t’cha do the same thing I do? Look at poor Natsuki-kun. He’s in such a state of confusion right now.]

???: [Oh, that will not do at all.]

Subaru: [That, who is…!?]

Anastasia spoke to the third voice as if all were natural. Rather than relieving Subaru’s frenzy, he verged on hyperventilating as attempted to discern what exactly had brought on this turmoil.

???: [You do seem quite frightened, my apologies.]

Subaru: [————]

His eyes fell upon it. The third party that had spoken up. The owner of that voice that had so suddenly intruded the scene.

No, that third voice had not intruded. It had been in this room since the very beginning.

In fact, it had entered the room with Anastasia.

Echidna: [My name is Echidna. Well, I say that… But what I really am is an Artificial Spirit.]

Subaru: [Echi——!?]

“It” smiled deftly at Subaru, who was swept away by pure shock.

Lips curling up on both sides, eyes narrowing slightly. That should… probably, be something like the imitation of a smile.

——Wrapped around Anastasia’s neck, a scarf of what appeared to be faux fox fur was smiling.

All the while naming itself after a Witch whose name Subaru would not forget, and revealing its identity as a Spirit.

Translation Notes:

[1] – “Blue” is a title granted to Ferris in regards to his skill as a magic user. Other prominent mages in the Re:Zero world have similar colored titles.