※ ※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

All rights belong to Tappei Nagatsuki, the original author of the Re:Zero series. This is an English translation of the free web novel which is available at:

http://ncode.syosetu.com/N2267BE/

Translated by:

Nanashi-tan

Proofread by:

Archbishop

Realigned by:

Archbishop, based on the comp by Archbishop

Art Source:

肉まん

foxhall

※ ※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

With flames of rising crimson on her arms, Sirius’s shrieking was infernal in nature. The reason why that was felt even through the bandages was her eyes, dominated by rage completely out of the ordinary.

Those light-crimson eyes[1], normally so clear they seemed capable of sucking people in, were now glaring at Subaru and the others with hatred, tinged by the red-hot blaze on her arms.

——No, that was not quite right. Because,

Crowd: [Stinks, stinks, stinks, stinks, stinks, stinks, stinks…!]

Sirius had not registered Subaru’s presence. She merely glared with passionate hatred at the two standing in front of Subaru—— that is, at Emilia and Beatrice.

Subaru: [What’s up with her? She’s not the same as before…]

Subaru could not hide his wavering confusion at Sirius’s rage.

In the short span of time since he had encountered her, Subaru had met a relatively normal Sirius three times. Among those encounters, although Sirius had not been a person that followed common sense, she had not been someone irrational, overrun by rage.

In fact, she had always been attempting to justify her claims to impose on others.

So, the Sirius in front of them was completely foreign. She had lost her rationality and fallen prey to rage. Putting it simply, she now seemed a perfect fit for her title as Wrath’s representative.

Sirius: [I could keep burning and burning you, but it wouldn’t be enough… like maggots, like flies. Haha, how much do you hate me!? Even in my saddest days, am I not allowed the freedom of mourning?]

Emilia: […I don’t know what you’re talking about?]

Sirius: [Ah, ha!?]

Emilia responded fearlessly to Sirius’s enraged allegations, and stayed fearless at Sirius’s fierce reactions. She pointed the tip of her sword of ice at the crowd behind Sirius.

Emilia: [If you feel angry at me, I’ll hear you out. After all, the sudden provocation came from us, it’s natural that you’re angry. However, this has nothing to do with the other people here. Please liberate them.]

Sirius: [That’s the wrong attitude! If you want to let everyone go, do it right! It’s natural that I’m angry? Then apologize to me! Apologize, repent, crawl on the floor and cry and beg for forgiveness, then let me shoot flames into your ass and scorch your internal organs away!]

Emilia: [Having my organs burned would be troublesome—— So, let’s settle this simply.]

Sirius tilted her head upon hearing Emilia’s low voice.

Emilia immediately twisted her upper body slightly and darted forward. Her pale wrists wielded her sword of ice as if it were weightless.

The sun glistened off the sharpened tip of the sword as she drove it towards Sirius’s shoulder.

Subaru: [Emilia-tan?]

Sirius: [——Tch!]

Subaru’s exclamation overlapped with Sirius’s snarl. Facing that swing, Sirius immediately lifted her left wrist, bringing flames to the swords. However,

Sirius: [Fucking half-devil!]

Emilia: [Please don’t say that anymore. It feels dirty.]

Emilia’s sword, although bathed in Sirius’s flame, did not vaporize into air. The pale tip of the sword did not lose against the heat, and met Sirius’s burning left wrist—— only, Sirius’s chain had been also wrapped around it.

With a high-pitched noise, ice sword and flaming chain collided with a brilliant flash of Mana. After only a brief contest, Emilia’s sword shattered with a crisp snap.

Sirius: [You, damn…!]

Looking at the ice sword, reduced to a mere handle, Sirius gleefully attempted to slam her arm against Emilia. The chain, tinged with the heat of the fire, would burn wounds on those it touched.

And so, Emilia’s beautiful face was wounded—— But on the verge of that happening,

Emilia: [Haaa!]

There was a shout that did not fit the scene, and this time, Sirius’s wrist was struck. Emilia’s sword of ice had deflected her.

Sirius: [Ah ah aaaah! Ah ah ah ah ah! Just die already!]

Sirius’s cries of wrath pierced the air as she swung both arms over her head. The center of the area she was targeting was occupied by Emilia.

Emilia’s ice blade extended at the hilt, its shape having been changed into that of a hammer. Sirius met its blow with both hands, retreating, only to be pursued by Emilia.

Emilia: [Haah! Hahh! Yah!]

Sirius: [Disgusting! Half-devil! Maggot! Fly! Insect! Loathsome bug!]

Through use of centrifugal force and control over her body, Emilia demonstrated an unimaginable show of close quarters combat.

Against that mallet of ice, the flame-wielding Sirius had been reduced to defense. Looking at Emilia’s one-sided attack, Subaru, as a third-party observer, judged that she would triumph. Even so,

Subaru: [This isn’t the time to be in a trance! No, Emilia!]

Beatrice: [Subaru, you can’t be distracted right now, in fact.]

If Emilia killed Sirius, the last death would certainly repeat itself. Death would be spread to everyone in the vicinity.

Although Subaru had foreseen this crisis, Beatrice quickly scolded him. Subaru, wondering what had happened, followed Beatrice’s gaze.

Crowd: [——Dirty insect.]

Subaru: [Crap.]

The members of the crowd behind Sirius were all flushed with anger. The crowd looked at Subaru and Beatrice and made cursing gestures reminiscent of Sirius. In fact, they were completely sharing her Wrath.

That wave of anger was focused on Subaru.

Subaru: [It’s not just sharing feelings, but also doing things like brainwashing a crowd into acting on her will?]

Beatrice: [Identifying the situation is good, I suppose. If a solution doesn’t exist, then all we can do is escape, in fact!]

As Subaru groaned, considering his troubles, Beatrice immediately jumped onto his back. The crowd advanced towards Subaru, supporting that light body with his hands.

Subaru: [Emilia, help stall for us!]

Emilia: [I won’t be too messy about it!]

Receiving her strong reply, Subaru broke into a sprint, fleeing from the crowd. Fortunately, the pace of the masses who had lost their rationality was far from normal.

They chased Subaru with hands outstretched, empty wrath in their gazes, looking not unlike zombies. The main difference was that rather than wanting to eat Subaru, they wished to rip and tear him limb from limb with their bare hands.

Subaru: [If we keep stalling like this, someone could come…]

Beatrice: [Even if someone comes, without figuring out the conditions of victory, it would be meaningless, in fact. Even if Reinhard comes, would he be able to solve this, I suppose?]

Subaru: [In short, our worries won’t end even if he comes…]

In any case, the one who could summon Reinhard, Rachins, was presently part of the crowd threatening Subaru, face colored bright-red. He was one of the people most motivated to push forward, trying to be the first to reach Subaru.

Maybe it was the influence of his own mental image of Subaru, formed even before Sirius shared feelings with him.

Subaru: [We have to think of something!]

???: [Dirty insects!]

A man leapt at Subaru, who ducked his head and threw himself past his opponent’s arms, grabbing one of them before sweeping the man off his feet and sending his body flying. The masses showed no consideration to the tumbling man until he knocked them over. Turning from this bowling-like scene, Subaru spoke.

Subaru: [They’re so angry that they aren’t thinking at all.]

Beatrice: [However, that isn’t what I would recommend, in fact. In such an atmosphere, they probably won’t hesitate on trampling on their friends accidentally, I suppose.]

Subaru: [That won’t do!]

He did not want any sacrifices. The reason why Subaru fought so hard for so many was precisely this. Of course, Subaru understood that there were things that he could not reach.

There were many things he wanted to protect. However, there was a limit to what he was able to.

Of course. Subaru was not an omnipotent being.

Subaru: [However, I’m the one who chooses that limit!]

Beatrice: [That’s Betty’s Subaru, in fact!]

Hearing the greatest possible support from his back, Subaru drew his whip.

“I’ll save as many lives as I can. So please forgive me for any injuries”, those were Subaru’s feelings. Aiming at the feet of the crowd, his whip launched through the air.

With the crack of a small thunderbolt, the whip hit the stone pavement. Although it was not lethal, it was still a weapon, and, when wielded mercilessly, could incapacitate an opponent if used with all its might.

If maybe, after witnessing that power, the mass of people be cowed into retreating,

Subaru: [It won’t go that smoothly.]

Then, there was no other way.

Subaru swept his whip through the crowd, this time targeting the leading figure. A medium stature, light-blue hair, sharp eyes—— wasn’t that Rachins?

Attacking people who he knew would make Subaru feel sad.

Subaru: [Although this aches my heart, I can’t let myself be torn apart either. Sorry, Chin!]

Rachins: [I’m not Chin!?]

Subaru lashed his whip at Rachins’s feet and yanked upward. His body spun in a half circle, and he caught the people surrounding him as he fell.

After doing that, Subaru moved himself to the left of the crowd, guiding the footsteps of those following him to another route so that the ones who had been knocked down would not be trampled underfoot.

Subaru: [Right, they can’t think… In that case, as long as I——]

Just as he was about to say, “stall long enough”, Subaru felt a chill rise on his back.

To Subaru, that chill was like the imposing intimacy of his gloomy lover. Even if he were reluctant to meet her, she gave Subaru the help he needed most. They had that kind of complex relationship.

——In other words, that was the breath of death.

Subaru: [Ah!]

Beastman: [You maggot!]

A large blade whistled towards Subaru’s head, accompanied by a shrill wind.

The beastman had leapt from the crowd, aiming at Subaru’s neck. Although he had prominent pointed canine ears, his nose and mouth seemed to resemble the cunning charm of a fox.

The half-fox, using his white tail as a brace, was unaffected by Subaru’s tricks as he took multiple other slashes in an attempt to separate Subaru’s head from his body.

Subaru: [Beako!]

Beatrice: [Shamak!]

Beastman: [——!?]

In a serious confrontation, Subaru could be cut down in only five seconds.

In a flash, Subaru had determined the difference in their power and called Beatrice’s name. She immediately realized Subaru’s intention and cast a Shamak which enveloped the beastman’s face. His slender body and large sword were also engulfed by the dark fog, stripping his combat effectiveness away.

Subaru: [Does that cut off the link with the others?]

Beatrice: [There’s nothing to that effect, I suppose. Even take the fighting, the link itself did not cut off, in fact! Most likely, that curse will stop only taking effect after that freak dies, I suppose!]

Subaru: [What do we do!?]

Beatrice: [Betty is thinking hard, in fact!]

Solving that mystery was a task best left up to Beatrice. So the only thing that Subaru could do was to give Beatrice ample time to survey and think, and to keep the brainwashed masses from disturbing her.

Subaru: [And on Emilia-tan’s side…?]

Subaru turned his gaze, worried about Emilia, who was still busy confronting Sirius.

During this year, Emilia had dedicated her time to learning about both politics and combat. Her combat effectiveness was much higher than Subaru’s, and she was motivated.

Even so, Subaru worried about Emilia, not because he thought he was better, but because Subaru was a man and Emilia was a woman, nothing more.

Most people would probably dismiss that worry as meaningless. And that was because——

Emilia: [Haaa! Yah! Hah!]

Emilia was shouting slightly listless battle cries accompanying her onslaught, but Sirius was ignoring all of them.

Emilia spun around, her twin ice swords slashing toward Sirius, who whipped her burning chain through the air and knocked the blade away while cursing angrily. With a crash, ice fragmented into powder and dispersed, but, bending down, Emilia pushed an ice spear upwards, its power sending Sirius flying away.

She was making use of her huge store of Mana, forging weapons of ice meant to be destroyed shortly after being used. Subaru had named this combat technique Ice Brand Arts, in honor of the ephemeral beauty of shattering ice, which reminded him of an ice fairy of fantasy.

The wreckage of smashed ice illustrated the intensity of the fierce battle between Emilia and Sirius. In that ballroom of scattered ice, the heated, fiery battle between the two warriors wielding opposing arms of frost and fire.

Emilia: [Haaa!]

Emilia spun around, twirling her spear at Sirius, knocking her back. She immediately followed up with another blow, lashing out with the tip of the spear. Sirius nimbly twisted her body in midair, avoiding her strike and capturing the spear in her grip.

Sirius: [Blazing! Boiling! Burning! My heart is trembling! Ah ah aaaaAAAAAH! This is Wrath!]

Emilia: [Ah!?]

As if echoing her call, the intense heat redoubled its efforts. Emilia’s spear was instantly turned into a spear of fire, and Emilia involuntarily released it because of the heat. Immediately after, Sirius, holding the spear, landed and attacked at once.

Sirius: [Your dirty amethyst eyes, your dirty bell-like voice, your dirty silky silver hair, your dirty fair skin, your dirty cute face! Those all exist purely to seduce men! Ah, such lust! You bitch, you dirty whore! Just die! You just want to tempt men? You want to take that person from me? You filthy slut! You disgusting half-devil!]

As a wave of heat passed over Emilia’s squinted eyes, she once again created a blade of ice. It met the spear of fire, which had broken into a three-pronged spear, head-on.

With an intense grinding sound, the madwoman and Emilia exchanged gazes.

Emilia: [My eyes, my voice, my silver hair! All of those came from my favorite person, from the most beautiful person in the world! Treating them like they’re dirty infuriates me!]

Sirius: [Fury!? Did you just say fury!? Don’t kid with me! Fury is mine! It’s the precious thing that I received from that person! This duty and the name are all gifts from that person! To, without authorization, without permission, take that away from me… I won’t allow it! Won’t, won’t, won’t, won’t, won’t, won’t, won’t, won’t, won’t, won’t, won’t, won’t, won’t, won’t, won’t, won’t, won’t!]

As her speech came to an end, Sirius’s attitude changed dramatically as she cried out in grief. She caught the spear in her grip and snapped it, driving the flames into Emilia. In response, Emilia created another pair of ice swords.

But had Emilia been affected by Sirius’s cries? Her face, which had previously worn a strong sense of purpose, seemed to have slackened.

Subaru: [——This is bad.]

After catching a glance of the side of Emilia’s face, Subaru’s instincts began to scream of bad news. There was no basis. But Subaru was sure.

Emilia’s expression had changed, or rather, her feelings towards Sirius had changed.

No matter how kind-hearted she was, there was no way she would be so easily moved by emotion mid-battle. Before the brawl had begun, there had not even been any kind of conversation to make her feel any emotion, either.

And if she was reacting the way she was nevertheless…

Subaru: [Emilia’s being affected by Sirius’s power.]

However, she had not immediately fallen into the palm of Sirius’s hand.

Emilia, currently in a defensive battle, was still matching Sirius blow-for-blow. She was not as far gone as the crowd, and was just as lovely as usual. Then, inspecting the situation——

Subaru: [When Sirius first appeared, why weren’t Emilia, Beatrice, and I affected by her emotional link?]

Emilia and Beatrice had resisted her power just as Reinhard had. Was there any individual trait, or something similar to that, which was shared between all of them? Subaru’s initial assumption had been that Reinhard had been able to resist it just because he was Reinhard, and discarded thinking any further about it.

But if there was in fact a specific reason, then he could start hypothesizing.

Subaru, who had fallen prey to Sirius’s Authority three times already, was now also able to resist her like this—— that was also something to take into consideration. If that was the key to a breakthrough——

Subaru: [Bea…]

Beatrice: [Subaru!!]

The moment Subaru had wanted to convey his newly found realization, an anxious cry echoed in his ears.

As Subaru’s eyes widened, and something collided with his right side.

Subaru: [Guu——]

His body folded into the shape of a “K” from the power of the blow, and Subaru immediately hopped to the left, attempting to lessen its impact. As he coughed up stomach acid, he attempted to check the damage the blow had caused.

The blindfolded woman, moving like a shadow, had suddenly approached him. That defenseless-looking woman had delivered a rather piercing blow with her palm into Subaru’s side.

Beatrice: [Subaru! Don’t die, I suppose!]

Subaru: [Even I wouldn’t reach a game over from that… but that hit was super-effective…!]

Although his ribs ached, Subaru judged that his other bones and internal organs had not been harmed; it was nothing too serious, as long as there was no internal bleeding.

Subaru: [This guy and that guy too, why are these enemies so troublesome?]

Beatrice: [Either Subaru looks unreliable just because the enemies are strong, or because he himself is too weak, in fact.]

Subaru: [That’s true, you…!]

His whip bounced as it chased the blindfolded woman’s feet, and as she turned her attention to below her, Subaru tossed a handful of grit in her face. Although it did not affect her blindfolded eyes, it distracted her enough for Subaru to throw himself at her shoulder, knocking her over.

Subaru: [My lack of fighting strength seems to have come in handy. If the attack had been serious, I probably would have died on the spot.]

Beatrice: […Although I can’t say that that’s something Betty would accept eagerly, that works, since we have more trouble coming up, I suppose.]

Beatrice reiterated her annoying remarks about Subaru, who breathed a sigh of relief after defeating the blindfolded woman. He tilted his head in a gesture of “I’m not listening”, as Beatrice frowned and gestured with her chin.

She indicated the large waterway connected to the square.

Subaru: [You’re kidding me…]

Subaru moaned as he caught sight of the waterway, where another gathering of enraged people had emerged.

Beatrice: [Betty thinks that they heard the commotion and rushed over to see what’s happening, in fact.]

Subaru: [Then they entered the scope of her power and were swallowed… Are you serious? Is her ability a ranged-type?]

——Panic, fear, madness, would be transmitted from person to person.

The sharing of feelings by Sirius had brought about precisely a result that reflected that phenomenom.

“Ah, so that was it”—— The magnitude of her threat was worse than even Petelgeuse’s.

Subaru: [The more you try to flee, the more victims she finds… How can that be stopped!?]

Beatrice: [However, something is off about this entire situation, I suppose… Subaru knocked over that woman, and I cast Shamak on that fox-man. Couple that with how the <u>damage</u> to Chinkarahoi didn’t appear on anyone else, in fact.]

Because the situation was dire, Subaru did not correct Beatrice mistakenly calling Tonchinkan Chinkarahoi. [2] And beyond that, the details that Beatrice had just pointed out could serve as a basis for speculating on the conditions of Sirius’s emotional link.

Subaru: […Are we going to have to defeat that whole crowd too?]

Beatrice: [If Subaru has the fighting ability to do that, then we can go for it, I suppose—— Betty’s Shamak can also lend a hand in stripping their consciousness away, in fact.]

Although a cruel means, that had indeed been Subaru’s initial plan.

He could avoid putting himself through unnecessary worry. Subaru needed to avoid the expansion of such a disastrous situation. Now, to act on Beatrice’s proposal——

Emilia: [Ah!]

Subaru: [Emilia!?]

Subaru attention was diverted to Emilia’s pained cry.

He turned and saw her lying on the slate ground of the square, with Sirius, who was brandishing her flaming wrists, looking down at her.

Sirius: [Growing! Growing! Love culminates! That quantity is power! There is love for all! Everyone! Human beings love each other, and become one! They can share thoughts, they can share wishes, and, be it joy or sadness, they can talk to each other and share their feelings! In that case, this is the inevitable result! The half-devil isn’t included in the bond of Love and should just disappear like a crushed insect!]

Emilia, who had held the initial advantage, had gradually lost her footing until the two were about even.

As time dragged on, had Sirius’s strength increased, or had Emilia’s strength decreased? Whatever the case, Emilia looked upwards at Sirius, breathless, regret displayed on her face.

Emilia: [Something’s off. What you’re saying is right, but… it somehow feels wrong too. Why?]

Sirius: [Because you go against the truth! Because you are a dirty half-devil who cannot understand Love, and you will live and die not knowing Love! The existence of a half-devil is evil! Even your birth, even the meeting of your father and mother are wrong! The union of trash and insects birthed an unholy piece of shit that needs to end its existence here!]

Emilia: [——Hk!]

At the end of that unbearable tirade of abuse, Emilia’s eyes changed.

Kind and gentle as she was, Emilia could not tolerate such harsh words, which demeaned not only her existence, but even her parents’ meeting.

Biting her lip, Emilia pushed against the slate ground, leaping to her feet. Her enraged gaze trained on Sirius, a silvery shimmer gathered in her hand.

Emilia: [————]

Her sword slashed through Sirius’s coat, splitting it wide open.

Emilia, in her rage, would stop for nothing as she took another swing at Sirius, her sword of ice reaching the thin body in front of her——

Emilia: [——Eh?]

???: [Mmph!]

———Subaru saw the chained girl and froze.

A blonde, curly haired girl, bound in the same manner that Lusbel had been, blood pouring from her mouth, sobbed. Her small body was firmly bound to Sirius’s slender body.

Tina—— the name flashed through Subaru’s memory.

Sirius: [——That Wrath you have is scary.]

Subaru who had noticed the girl, and Emilia, who saw the girl’s tears, were overtaken by rage. And at that moment, Sirius gave her most ferocious smile yet as a wave of heat blew Emilia’s body away with alarming momentum.

The explosion whistled through the air as Emilia was knocked backwards. She flew across the stone, tumbling until coming to a stop at the very center of the square.

Emilia: [Gah, ugh…]

Emilia moaned as she writhed in pain. Sirius gazed at Emilia as she clapped, her flames burning so high they could be seen from a long distance.

Sirius: [An insect shouldn’t give me such a sweet passion. It’s incredibly disgusting.]

Emilia: [————]

Sirius: [Well, thank you. My apologies.]

With her wrists held over her head, Sirius’s whirlpool of flame roared once again.

Even steel would melt with nary a touch of that flame. If it touched her directly, then not even a shadow of Emilia would be left behind. She would be completely burned from the world.

If he did not act right now, he would not be able to save her. And not saving Emilia was unacceptable. Subaru clearly understood all this, and yet——

Subaru: [Move already, feet!]

Tina: [Mmph!]

Subaru’s feet were trembling with something like fear, leaving him unable to walk.

Subaru’s inaction had begun the moment he had laid eyes on the terrified girl that was bound to Sirius. Beatrice, on his back, was similarly unable to move.

Feelings could be shared with Spirits. Idiocy, that was not the time to think about that.

Subaru: [E… milia…]

His throat vibrated but he could not even call the name of the girl who he loved so deeply. Emilia certainly could not have heard him.

Emilia’s thoughts as she lay on the stone floor, unable to move, watching the imminent blaze unfold before her very eyes.

——Even those were scorched by unforgiving fire, leaving them forever a mystery.

Terrifying heat baked the slate ground, and, as the heat wave became the impact, the world was dyed a brilliant gold.

Faced with that fantastical scene, Subaru’s knees shook, and he collapsed on the spot.

Beatrice: [Suba… ru…]

Beatrice, still clinging to his back, called to Subaru in a stuttering voice.

Subaru could not respond. His line of sight remained fixed on the ground beneath him, as he refused to face reality, swallowed by an overwhelming dread.

Right now, if he looked up, he would lose to fear.

No, the heart he had long lost to fear would shatter and break. If he had to see where Emilia had turned to ash, if he had to see where Emilia had vanished from the world, then—

Beatrice: [Su-Subaru. Subaru!]

Even so, Beatrice continued desperately calling Subaru’s name.

His head was knocked several times, but Subaru could only embrace his horrified and timid heart, shaking his heads slowly.

It was impossible. Even if that monster were standing right in front of him, Subaru——

???: [——I caught up.]

However, the moment he heard that sound, Subaru’s heart shook off that fear. Rather than fear the sight in front of him, he feared being left in the dark.

Raising his head, he looked to the direction of the sound—— the place where Emilia had been incinerated.

There, a man stood.

Smoke rose from the charred rocks, which still crackled with heat. In the midst of that destruction, the man assumed a leisurely pose. There, in his arms——

Subaru: [Emi… lia?]

In the man’s arms, there rested a girl who should have disappeared in flame. Although she had passed out from exhaustion, she was physically unhurt. Emilia had lost her consciousness from the accumulation of her exhaustion and fear, but she was peacefully resting, safe and sound.

Subaru: [You…]

The person who had suddenly appeared and saved Emilia’s life.

His horrified heart denying him a celebration of Emilia’s safety, Subaru involuntarily voiced his wavering thoughts with a similarly trembling voice.

The man who heard and turned around. Then, he spoke.

???: [I came to meet her, so it’s great that I was able to catch up.]

Subaru: [To… meet? What’s that supposed to…]

???: [——Isn’t it a matter of course that I come to meet a woman who I intend to take as my bride?]

At that abrupt utterance, Subaru fell speechless.

At Subaru’s stiff lack of breath, the man—— a white-haired youth, gave off an easy-going smile.

Regulus: [I am a Sin Archbishop of the Witch Cult, representing Greed—— Regulus Corneas.]

It did not intend to boast, but rather speak for granted facts.

Regulus: [As promised—— I’m here to take her as my seventy-ninth wife.]

Translation Notes:

[1] – Expression used is “薄紅の瞳”, “薄紅” meaning “light-pink” or “light-crimson”. As a comparison, Emilia’s eyes are described as “紫紺の瞳”, “紫紺” meaning “bluish purple”.

[2] – Could be a Doraemon reference (チンカラホイ). It’s hard for me to be sure. For some damn reason half the results from that show are panty shots…