※※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

Hello there! If you are coming to this chapter after finishing Season 3 Episode 8,

and plan to read all of the available content in the Web Novel, it is highly recommended that you look at our

Cut Content page

, and most importantly of all, at the

Season 3 section

, due to adaptation differences between the Anime and the Web Novel.

※※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

Translated by:

Nanashi-tan

Proofread by:

Archbishop

Realigned by:

Archbishop, based on the comp by Archbishop

Original Document:

Find the original Google Doc here

Art Source:

kawakun

Norvak

※※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

ALL RIGHTS BELONG TO

TAPPEI NAGATSUKI

, THE

ORIGINAL AUTHOR

OF RE:ZERO STARTING A LIFE IN A DIFFERENT WORLD FROM ZERO, THIS IS A TRANSLATION OF THE

FREE

JAPANESE WEB NOVEL INTO ENGLISH

JAPANESE WEB NOVEL SOURCE

※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※　※

Emilia: [——Subaru!]

There came a voice which seemed to summon Subaru, who had crashed through the entrance of the church and sprinted inside.

It belonged to Emilia, who stood in front of the altar, clad in a white wedding dress.

Dressed in a snow-white dress, her long hair coiled in a braid on her head, she was simply too beautiful, lovely to a truly dazzling degree. In the right circumstance, Subaru, more than anyone else, would have wanted to admire Emilia’s bridal attire, but——

Subaru: [I’ll sort out my thoughts on EMT later. Seems like we crashed this wedding here.]

Reinhard: [The ceremony was already going awry, it seems. Though we will still be regarded as the intruders here.]

From a ways away, Reinhard snuck a glance at Emilia and Regulus, as those two glared at each other, and agreed with Subaru’s mutters. The ceremony seemed to be on the verge of a complete breakdown, offering them a perfect opportunity to intrude.

Upon hearing their words, Regulus’s already sour face reddened with rage. He yanked at the front of his suit as his mouth twisted in a vicious pout.

Regulus: [Sorry, though I feel for uninvited guests such as yourselves, this wedding will soon become a funeral anyway. The emotional preparation for such a joyous event to become one of lament… Ah, right, you needn’t consider such matters anyway. Since you’ll soon go from the ones bidding farewell to the ones who should be bid farewell to.]

Subaru: [Hey now, what are you going on about when you were rejected right before the wedding? And the bride is so fed up with you that she’s about to take a Narita divorce. [1] Show me a little shame here. Besides, didn’t you hear me when I introduced this guy beside me?]

Regarding Regulus’s murderous rambling, Subaru taunted him as he eyed Reinhard. Surprised, Regulus exhaled an “ah” between his teeth.

Regulus: [What, the Sword Saint? I think I’ve heard of him once. Isn’t that the moniker of some guy who knows of nothing but swinging a sword? What are you planning to do with that kind of guy? Could it be that you thought of him as some trump card? Hahaha, that’s rich. Whether it be reputation from history or glory from the bloodline or whatnot, all that’s nothing but old-fashioned traditionalism. Notions like that, when struck by a wave of progress, should crumble to ash. Isn’t that just nature at work? You two, are you here to demonstrate?]

Reinhard: [Funny that you say I know of nothing but swinging a sword, huh. In truth, many of the expectations that fall upon me stem from that one role. But there is one slight problem here.]

Even faced with such arrogance, Reinhard showed not a trace of annoyance. As he spoke, his hand crept quietly toward his waist.

Sheathed there was a celestial sword, with engravings traced by the claws of the Dragon itself, which Reinhard always carried. However, as he clenched his palm around the hilt, he shook his head.

Subaru: [What’s wrong, Reinhard?]

Reinhard: [The Dragon Sword Reid is an unparalleled blade, which has been passed down since the first generation of the Astrea family, but it does have one flaw. It refuses to be unsheathed in the presence of any enemy it deems unworthy.]

Subaru: [Which means?]

Reinhard: [It seems that the sword has concluded that this enemy is not worthy of being drawn against.]

Subaru: [——Hk!]

Regardless of whether Reinhard had the intention of doing so, Regulus had received a rather humiliating evaluation. But Subaru had personally witnessed how the sword had not made its appearance during a confrontation with Elsa, and so he understood what Reinhard had meant.

However, even with that in mind, Regulus’s unflattering appraisal remained.

Regulus: [What can a Sword Saint who can’t even draw his sword do against me? Know your place, scum. In the first place, I’m not even on the same level as you. You fools, who can only ascertain their own worth by comparing themselves to others. Don’t you dare think less of me.]

Subaru: [Sounds like you really do think you’re all that.]

Facing the burning obscenity in Regulus’s eyes, Subaru found himself genuinely surprised. Ignoring all his threats, and listening to only the heart of his speech——

Subaru: [Hypocrisy is your forte, isn’t it? Claiming to have achieved perfection, you’re the one who prattles on about being superior to others.]

Regulus: [——Hk! You lowlife, don’t you condescend to preach to my satisfied self!]

Infuriated by Subaru’s jeers, Regulus finally put his threats into action.

With murderous intent, he kicked the ground in front of the altar; instantly, the paved floor shattered with astonishing force. The torrent of destruction pummeled straight ahead towards Subaru, sweeping shards of wood and stone into its overwhelming embrace and shattering them into fine dust.

Subaru: [——Whoa!?]

Reinhard: [Subaru, over here.]

Just as the destructive wave neared him, someone caught him by the neck and yanked him to safety. A sudden gust of wind freed Subaru from the shackles of that torrent—— this was Reinhard’s doing. With one hand, he had pulled Subaru and evaded the attack.

Gently depositing Subaru back on the ground, Reinhard spun around, bending his knees, preparing to face Regulus. However——

Regulus: [Don’t move! Dare to try anything, and they’ll all be dead in an instant.]

Reinhard: [————]

Glaring at Reinhard, who remained with his knees lightly bent, Regulus placed his hands on the walls of the church.

Rows of elaborately dressed women watched him impassively, as the guests of the wedding. Clearly, they recognized the intent of his actions and the severity of the situation, but they only stood in place, indifferently accepting the surrounding chaos.

Subaru: [On that note, though I’d rather not look too far into it, who are these women?]

Regulus: [All of them are my dear beloved wives. Lovely princesses who cherish me and are in turn cherished by me. Could you bear to allow such innocent girls to die? How could you be so cruel!?]

Subaru: [Goddamn, I had a slight suspicion, but I can’t establish a conversation at all.]

Had there ever been any impression that he could? Regulus’s rhetoric was completely incoherent.

To hold these women hostage, and yet to declare that they were his beloved wives, was a line of thought outside the realm of reason. The worst of it was that both the proclamation of innocence and the notion that Regulus would kill them were undoubtedly true.

This illogical hostage situation was indeed an extremely effective tactic against Subaru’s group.

Regulus: [It’s not like I want them to die, or anything like that. Even so, if you still resist further, I’ll have no choice. I’ll start at the beginning and go in order. Isn’t forcing me to do something so awful just heartless?]

Subaru: [Not like that makes any sense at all, but I don’t remember pushing you to that point?]

Regulus: [Don’t make excuses! Maybe I’d be the one directly killing them, but you’re the one triggering the event. Your murderous intent would be the true weapon. You’re using me as the weapon. You’re the real murderers! Don’t try to escape that responsibility. You heartless wife-murderers…!]

Hatred burned in Regulus’s eyes as he gnashed his teeth and glared at Subaru. The murderer who spouted his twisted rhetoric seemed not disturbed in the least by his own revolting statements.

While trying to buy time with dialogue, Subaru snuck a meaningful glance at Reinhard. However, their volatile opponent held about fifty hostages in his grasp. If both walls collapsed at the same time, even Reinhard would not be able to prevent any casualties.

Subaru: [————]

If it went on like this, they would be stuck in stalemate—— No, this was developing exactly the way Regulus hoped it would. However, the moment he thought so,

???: [Have you forgotten about me already?]

Regulus: [Huh?]

Celestial lights began to dance beside Regulus. In one instant, the light enveloped the entire cathedral, in the next, a sharp sound was born, interfering with the world. The light and sound chained into each other, intertwined and resonating, a simple, clear melody filling the temple.

In the blink of an eye, a grand barrier of ice shone in the center of the room. That sanctuary of ice spread throughout the cathedral, with Emilia in front of the altar as its center, and created a thick barrier around the women in attendance, who Regulus had taken hostage.

In addition, the ice had frozen Regulus’s legs to the ground, and a frozen sword pressed itself against his bare nape—— a sword which extended from Emilia’s hand.

Emilia: [You were far too careless there. Even I can’t expect to just jump into a fight with you, so I prepared long and hard to freeze you like that. You lost.]

Regulus: […I say, you’re truly incapable of reading the atmosphere, aren’t you? Right now, aren’t I about to force them to back down? This is an important scene, showing that I’m righteously capable of facing despicable enemies with resolve. And my wives too, everyone clearly believes in me and prays for my victory… Who do you think you are?]

Emilia: [Free all of us this instant. Although no one’s said it, some of them only stay with you because they’re afraid. Even so, you should cherish them, since they’re the ones who go out of their way to help you…]

Regulus: [——Really, who do you think you’re talking to? Looks like not making you a wife was wise indeed.]

Emilia: [Eh?]

Subaru: [Emilia, no! It’s not enough to stop him!]

Normally, this would be the finale of the act. Emilia’s judgement was not off.

However, if there was something different about the situation, was that her opponent simply exceeded the limits of humanity.

Emilia: [——Kh!]

With a sigh, Regulus began twisting his frozen limbs. With that slight motion alone, the ice encasing his lower half began to disintegrate.

The frozen prison shattered to dust, an action so easy that it was like the ice had melted. Faced with this reversal, Emilia had nary the time to even draw breath before Regulus seized her by the neck, and allowed her to dangle, suspended by only his hand.

Regulus: [Such violence, without even knowing how to keep yourself decent for a man. It doesn’t matter that you’re physically and mentally a virgin if you’re cheating on someone mentally. You whore. You filthy slut. As if toying with my innocent heart weren’t enough, you took it a step further, and tried to threaten it. Never have I seen such an unforgivable woman.]

Emilia: [Kuu, huu… uuu…]

Regulus: [How many men have you seduced with your pretty face? Just a brief smile, and every man would be kind to you? Just a small sound, and every man would be ecstatic? Just a gentle touch, and every man would pour gift upon gift onto you? Ah, ah, you dirty bitch.]

Subaru: [Stop! Take your hands off her, you fucker!]

Sighing to himself, Regulus’s voice was filled with disdain as he spoke to Emilia, still caught in his grasp. His eyes, cold and inhuman, cut through Subaru’s outrage at those unspeakable words.

Regulus: [How stupid are you, that you can’t work this situation out? Or are you one of those fools who’ve already given up on understanding? Here am I, ceaselessly trying to explain. but people like you, who hold thoughts of self-improvement and abandon all conscious thought, don’t you think you’re too wasteful of my generosity? Do your best to stand in someone else’s shoes, can’t you even do that? Still playing cards like that, isn’t your skill in interaction just too poor?]

Reinhard: [Let Emilia-sama go, and I’ll hear out your requests.]

From beside Subaru, who found himself speechless with rage, Reinhard spoke to Regulus.

Hearing that, the savage raised his eyebrows. Seemingly judging that conversation could come to flow more smoothly with Reinhard than with Subaru, Regulus redirected his words.

Regulus: [Not bad, not bad, that modest attitude. Precisely because people have all sorts of means of communication, if they want a topic to flow in the direction they desire, they have to learn to use those methods effectively. Those who don’t understand this, the majority, can only rely on brute force to realize what they strive for. How off-putting. Shouldn’t it be clear that matters can be settled through negotiation, without requiring a show of strength? Well, people like that aren’t impressive in the least. Fellows like those stand no chance against a pacifist like me, isn’t that just nature?]

Reinhard: [No need to spin it so dramatically. Instead, allow me to listen to your request. Witnessing Emilia-sama’s suffering is painful for both me and my friend.]

Regulus: [Alright. Then I’ll say it straightforwardly—— Remove the sword from your waist and come stand in front of the altar.]

As Emilia’s face turned pale, Regulus, in a deliberate motion, hoisted her higher. Her feet dangled in midair, and her sword of ice clattered to the ground.

Faced with that display, Reinhard hesitated no longer. He freed the Dragon Sword from his waist and handed it to Subaru.

Subaru: […In case of emergency, I will draw this sword and cut down that bastard.]

Reinhard: [That is quite the idea, but, regrettably, I doubt you would be able to unsheathe it either. Rest assured, I will rescue Emilia-sama.]

Concluding their whispered conversation, Reinhard complied with Regulus’s orders.

The Sword Saint stood, unarmed, in the middle of the temple, stopping when Regulus commanded, “Stop here”. There were only about five meters left between the two, but to Reinhard, that distance could be traversed in an instant.

And yet, the issue lay in how Regulus currently held Emilia in his hands, and would break her neck the second Reinhard drew near. And they had yet to grasp the true nature of Regulus’s invincible Authority.

Freeing himself from Emilia’s prison, and setting off a path of destruction with unknown means. Somewhere in those actions lay the principle behind his invincibility.

Subaru: [————]

Holding his breath, Subaru monitored Reinhard’s movements carefully.

At this moment, unable to find an opportunity to break the stalemate, he could only rely on Reinhard. Eager as he was to leap into action, he knew that nothing he did would solve anything.

Reinhard: [As you wish, I will stop here. What next?]

Regulus: [Let me kill you. Isn’t it easy? It’s a little cliché, I think so too. I can’t feel any sincerity in your idea to step forward for the sake of my wives or this slut? It’s not that I want to force you to be unreasonable. I just don’t want to be misunderstood as a selfish and self-centered person. I’m just a normal man, satisfied with the simple joys of my everyday life. I do hope you fully understand.]

Reinhard: [————]

Regulus: [So, there’s only one condition for me to free the hostages. You stand in this place, and bear one strike from me. No defending yourself, and no evasion. As long as you do this, I’ll free all the hostages. Only then will I forgive that cowardly two-on-one attack you set on me.]

Reinhard: [One strike, yes?]

Faced with Regulus’s proposal, Reinhard stroked his chin as he mediated upon it.

Watching his thoughtful figure, Subaru mentally shook his head desperately at the absurdity of the proposal. Regardless of how Regulus appeared, the power behind his attacks were obvious.

An obscene power which could disintegrate even the building’s materials, such that even Reinhard would not be able to withstand such a strike. Even if he clung to his life, if he were rendered unable to fight, it was impossible to even think about continuing the battle.

Reinhard: [I understand. I accept.]

However, contrary to Subaru’s internal fracas, Reinhard accepted the condition like it were nothing. Stunned, Subaru watched Regulus nod with approval.

Regulus: [A wise epiphany, I see. You’ve got my respect. Although you’re an enemy who tried to kill my wives, you seem to have at least some basic human humility.]

Subaru: [Hanging onto hostages even as some invincible person, and he doesn’t feel as if he’s in the wrong…]

At a glimpse, Regulus and his mellifluous, flowery words were truly disgusting. However, it seemed that Regulus had not heard Subaru’s spite, for he kept his hand laid on Emilia’s neck as he turned his right hand to face Reinhard.

Subaru: [R-Reinhard, you… What are you thinking?]

Reinhard: [Subaru, as promised. Where I’m lacking, you’ll find a way to fill in the gaps, right?]

Subaru: [Quit being so discouraging…]

“Even the hardest battle has a chance of being won”, that was the sort of answer that Subaru had been hoping to hear. However, before he had time to respond, Regulus waved an arm at Reinhard.

He was incapable of seeing it. Fingertips sliced through the air, as if tossing something at Reinhard. However, the destruction was invisible. That attack might well very have been something like an Unseen Hand.

But, whether that speculation was true or false, it was left unanswered.

Reinhard: [————]

Reinhard’s figure, which had been standing in front of Subaru, collapsed into a splatter of blood. His bisected body toppled to the ground, as if stuck by an oblique sniping shot, completely absent of its usual fearless temperament.

Subaru: [Eh——?]

Large volumes of blood flowed forth from Reinhard’s fallen corpse, dying the crimson carpet a shade darker. His body trembled like a spring, convulsing in its death throes. Finally, the moment came where even those movements subsided, and the corpse entered the realm of true death.

This was Reinhard van Astrea’s unquestionable demise.

Regulus: [No matter how a person acted in life, death’s a simple matter. Those who’ve accomplished great feats, those who’ve committed great sins, death treats them equally, reaping their lives in the same manner. In this world filled with inequality, it’s one of the few truly just parts of life.]

Having killed Reinhard with only a wave of his hand, Regulus simply shook his head. The murderer wore a serene look, as if this had nothing to do with his own actions.

Regulus: [Precisely because they know that the end will inevitably come, the living must pursue happiness while they live. Therefore, I’m extremely satisfied with the low threshold of my happiness. And if I were Greed, it’s only because I’m always eager to appreciate what I do have. If I were never satisfied with the amount I have, instead wanting everything, I would never be happy in my life. But fortunately, I was born with a unique gift, the sensibility of finding satisfaction in simple joys.]

Holding the arm which had killed Reinhard to his chest, Regulus began to laugh. Then——

Regulus: [My satisfied self wants to hear it. Did you die satisfied? If so, congratulations on your death. If not, then I’m sorry for your loss.]

Subaru: [AAAAAAAAAAAAAAUGH——]

Before the echo of Regulus’s mocking words had even faded, Subaru sprang into action with a roar.

He grabbed a chair and flung it at Regulus. Faced with that projectile, Regulus slammed it away with a single swipe, as if it were a mere insect. To say that the impact shattered the chair would be an understatement; having pulverized it, Regulus stepped away wearing an expression showing his displeasure.

Regulus: [Compared to that graceful one, you’re really both noisy and crude.]

Subaru: [Being a Knight without a trace of knightliness happens to be my specialty!]

Treading on the carpet stained with Reinhard’s blood, Subaru drew his whip from his waist, and directed the tip toward Regulus.

In response, Regulus simply made a show of tightening his grip on Emilia’s neck as he lifted her.

Regulus: [Are your eyes just for decoration? Can’t you see that I have leverage here?]

???: [——This is all very strange. According to what you promised, you should have liberated the hostages.]

Regulus: [——Eh!?]

The instant he heard that sound, Regulus’s face became stricken with horror.

Tearing his gaze away from the center of the church, Subaru witnessed a slender figure rising from the pool of blood, and felt his throat close with shock.

Regulus: [Wha——!?]

Reinhard: [——Divine Protection of the Phoenix.]

With brevity, Reinhard responded to Regulus’s astonishment, and three figures moved as one.

Subaru swung his whip to yank a blonde-haired woman, who was hiding behind the altar, to safety. Even as her throat was being choked, Emilia kicked her sword of ice over to Reinhard. Reinhard, who had appeared out of nowhere, caught the sword and swung it towards Regulus.

With the woman shielded from the line of fire, the Sword Saint, holding the blade of frost, hesitated no longer.

In the next instant, sound vanished from the world—— a brilliant blue light accompanied the shockwave that engulfed the church.

Translation Notes:

[1] – In Japan, it is so common for divorces to happen after the honeymoon, that the phenomenon has earned its own moniker, named after Japan’s main international airport, the Narita International Airport.